[SPEAKER_06]: Everybody, we'll help Jerry.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's get this show on the road.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, Jerry.
[SPEAKER_06]: Jerome, keep listening.
[SPEAKER_06]: JJ, welcome.
[SPEAKER_06]: Good to see you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Are you ready to get going?
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sure you are.
[SPEAKER_06]: Everybody, welcome again to Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics.
[SPEAKER_06]: I won't go through the introduction because we're 20 minutes in following Jerome's most helpful statement.
[SPEAKER_06]: Our presenter today is JJ Cooey.
[SPEAKER_06]: Many of us think he's a genius, including me.
[SPEAKER_06]: He has presented to us on numerous occasions.
[SPEAKER_06]: and has always provoked some wonderful conversations.
[SPEAKER_06]: So JJ, thank you for being here.
[SPEAKER_06]: He's a biologist.
[SPEAKER_06]: He's got a PhD.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can tell us what your PhD is in, JJ.
[SPEAKER_06]: His website is GigaOMBiological.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can see that on the screen.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's got wonderful resources there for anyone who wants to dive deep.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, JJ, we are in your hands.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, he's a recovering academic biologist.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think that's how he described himself the first time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe he's changed now, metamorphosed into something else.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you're muted, Jay.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm actually a recovering seventh grade basketball coach.
[SPEAKER_00]: We just got clobbered today.
[SPEAKER_00]: So thank you very much for letting me delay.
[SPEAKER_00]: I apologize for being late.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think my microphone's a little close to my face.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I don't think that I can really say much more than I've said in the last five or six times that I've been allowed to present here.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just a couple points to make.
[SPEAKER_00]: I've been calling myself a biology coach lately, and I think that there is no better way
[SPEAKER_00]: to speak about what I'm trying to accomplish here.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would really strongly encourage everyone to have the courage to think about the possibility that most of what they know about biology is wrong.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's coming from a guy who considers himself a biologist since I was a little kid, ever since I was watching birds and collecting snakes.
[SPEAKER_00]: I've been a biologist, I've been interested in nature and in animals and in ecosystems and niches and all this other stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so I was hook, line, and sinker on the idea that evolution is real, because DNA is real.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was absolutely hook, line, and sinker in on the idea that because we know DNA is there, and evolution happened, then all we really have to do is figure out what all these genes do, and we'll understand how life works.
[SPEAKER_00]: I taught high school biology that way.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was taught biology that way in my master's degree and my PhD.
[SPEAKER_00]: And up until 2022, I would have gone to the mat with anybody about those ideas and about how central they were to understanding our world and our role in it and the way that generations are related to each other, the way pollution affects us, yada, yada, yada.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I can't tell you how far off the target I really was.
[SPEAKER_00]: and how much awakening I've done in the last two years, and that's why these guys have invited me back so many times.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't consider myself special at all.
[SPEAKER_00]: In fact, I consider myself somebody who's just done more of the right exercises than a lot of people in this recent history have done.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there have been a lot of fake trainers out there, people that have encouraged people to waste a lot of time working on the details of Pfizer documents that don't matter, or working on the details of the ACE2 receptor that don't matter, or the Bradykinin
[SPEAKER_00]: signaling pathway that don't matter, or working on some other interesting biological question that has nothing to do with the pandemic, nothing to do with the biology of respiratory disease, nothing to do with murder and lies.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I really, my big message is to try and challenge everybody to really think carefully about the main best explanation for why all these governments on all these news programs and all these languages were essentially saying the same thing for the first year is because this was a coordinated group of liars.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not a uniform message because we need a uniform message in the face of an emergency.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's what they want you to believe.
[SPEAKER_00]: But what it actually is, it's a uniform message in the situation where we're trying to get the entire world to believe a lie.
[SPEAKER_00]: And unfortunately, it is not just coronavirus, but it is most of our recent history.
[SPEAKER_00]: The recent history of the West, controlled by the victors, is not the real history of what happened.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so we need historians.
[SPEAKER_00]: We need recent historians.
[SPEAKER_00]: We need archivists, people that are willing to go and look for these original sources and put them away.
[SPEAKER_00]: And we need the people to go on the Internet and look at the videos and listen to the blog posts and listen to the interviews.
[SPEAKER_00]: of the people that they think are heroes and double back on them.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because the reality is, is that we have a lot of heroes in our midst right now that are not heroes.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, I don't know who's in the audience right now, but the last time that I spoke in front of this group, there was a guy in the audience by the name of Nick Hudson.
[SPEAKER_00]: Is he in the audience right now?
[SPEAKER_00]: No.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, because Nick Hudson is one of these people who has posed as a good guy for quite a while, and if you want an answer to why that's absolutely, positively, 100% verifiable on the Internet, just take a look at the fact that Stephen Frost's group, within 24 hours of any speech that I ever give, Charles has the video up on the Internet on Rumble.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have wasted no less than 25 or 30 hours preparing three separate talks for PANDA over the course of the last three years.
[SPEAKER_00]: The first talk that I gave for Nick Hudson's group, PANDA, was an immunology lecture that a PANDA member by the name of David Wiseman called an immunology lecture better than any he'd ever seen and it should be required for every medical student on earth.
[SPEAKER_00]: And none of these three videos that I presented to Panda are on their website on Rumble.
[SPEAKER_00]: None of them.
[SPEAKER_00]: Only Jessica Rose has five videos.
[SPEAKER_00]: Only Marc Giraudoux has five videos.
[SPEAKER_00]: Only all of these meddlers from CHD have videos there, but not me.
[SPEAKER_00]: My videos are all gone.
[SPEAKER_00]: My video that I produced about two months ago for the other medical doctors for COVID ethics just happened to get lost.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Mike Palmer says, well, if you have a copy of it on your website, then we don't need to load it on ours.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, you need to understand what I'm trying to say to you here.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm trying to say that there are very few people in the COVID narrative who have been treated like me.
[SPEAKER_00]: where some of these people have actually shown up at my house over the last five years.
[SPEAKER_00]: Some of these people have paid me more than $100,000 a year in a salary and are now ignoring me.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so you've got to really square the circle here how America and all the heroes from America all have selfies with me, have all been to my house, have all eaten dinner at my table,
[SPEAKER_00]: and now uniformly ignore me.
[SPEAKER_00]: Kevin McKernan went from wanting to be on my stream in 2022 three times and begging me to put me on his stream to writing a substack about me a year later and calling my idea on how they use recombinant DNA to fake virology chemtrail retarded.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so as an American, I'm telling you that America is under attack.
[SPEAKER_00]: We are under attack by a group of liars that's probably headed by a guy by the name of Robert Wallace Malone.
[SPEAKER_00]: Robert Wallace Malone has been a problem for my family directly for more than five years because he's put a lot of people against me.
[SPEAKER_00]: People that live in America, but also foreigners that live in other countries like South Africa and Japan.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so, my family has no more savings, we rent our house, we are about to be homeless, and it's not exaggeration.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't have a sub-stack that has more than 55,000 paid subscribers like Jessica Rose does, or like Robert Malone does.
[SPEAKER_00]: You understand that that means more than $50,000 a month, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: You understand that these people who have been given a book deal already in 2021, no one's approached me for a book, even though Stephen Frost seems to think that I should keep talking and that I should come back on the 29th again to talk again.
[SPEAKER_00]: To say what?
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't really have much more to say other than there's a lot of work for all of you people to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: You need to go back and check every person that you think is fighting on our side and check what they did before the pandemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: Check what they did in 2020.
[SPEAKER_00]: Check what they did when there were college kids to save from transfection.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you will find a bunch of people that were trying to make a living, trying to make money, trying to tour the world and talk about one thing or another thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: But nobody was actively questioning this until 2022.
[SPEAKER_00]: The only person in the United States that lost a faculty position at a university medical school is me.
[SPEAKER_00]: No one else lost a faculty position.
[SPEAKER_00]: No one else lost a job.
[SPEAKER_00]: No one else was told to turn in your badge and keys.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're fired.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nobody.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're all richer for it.
[SPEAKER_00]: They all have extra barns for it.
[SPEAKER_00]: They all have extra houses for it.
[SPEAKER_00]: They've been traveling the world.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so now where are we in America?
[SPEAKER_00]: Where are we in America?
[SPEAKER_00]: What's the reality?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, we're split right in half.
[SPEAKER_00]: The blue side thinks that pandemics are real, but Fauci is a hero.
[SPEAKER_00]: The red side thinks pandemics are real, but Fauci's responsible.
[SPEAKER_00]: Natural viruses would kill millions of people every year if it weren't for vaccines, while natural viruses aren't as bad as laboratory viruses, and flu vaccines don't work.
[SPEAKER_00]: This whole list is a joke.
[SPEAKER_00]: and we can go through it later.
[SPEAKER_00]: But at the bottom of this list are things that everybody agrees on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Ukraine is fighting for freedom, but it's also a neocon mess.
[SPEAKER_00]: Israel has the right to defend itself, so let's not talk about Gaza.
[SPEAKER_00]: Processed foods, seed oils, food, fast food, cosmetics, sunscreen, water, air and soil pollution, those are all bad for us.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, we could have agreed on that 25 years ago.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so anybody that's only pushing seed oils and fast foods and cosmetics and sunscreen,
[SPEAKER_00]: and fluoride in the water is not actually fighting for us, ladies and gentlemen.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anybody like Mary Holland who has on her Twitter handle that she's been fighting for health freedom for two decades is a failure.
[SPEAKER_00]: If I had an autistic child, I would have already killed someone by now.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the reality of this.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why you can look at Mary Holland and think, wow, you're a failure.
[SPEAKER_00]: You've had an autistic kid for 20 years, and the best you can do is a big top tent of health freedom where you get paid $250,000 a year?
[SPEAKER_00]: She should have been drawn and quartered by now, by all the hundreds if not thousands of parents who have not gotten justice because of her, and people like Erin Seery, who don't say any meaningful things about the American legal system that have anything to do with anything about getting our grandchildren out.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I'm sorry to disappoint you.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't have any real happy messages except to say that I'm very thankful that the internet exists and that if you wanted to, you could go back and find videos of these people in 2021 and they're not gonna be telling college kids not to get transfected.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're not gonna be telling everybody that we need to pause this.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're gonna be talking about a virus and a spike protein and amyloidosis and prion disease.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they're gonna be talking about the cardiac effects of the spike protein
[SPEAKER_00]: I know because I've been cataloging it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Everybody from Ryan Cole to Robert Malone to Lee Min Yan to Paul Urso.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's a lot of people on our side that say that they're really good guys.
[SPEAKER_00]: But when you go back and look what they were doing in 2021, they were saying there was a virus.
[SPEAKER_00]: There was definitely a virus.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was going around and people just weren't treating it right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Ryan Cole, in 2021, already knew that the molecular mechanism of ivermectin was displacing the spike protein secondary unit from the CD47 receptor.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if you go back and listen to them talk about how much they know in 2021, you hear only bullshit.
[SPEAKER_00]: Script reading.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the crazy thing is, is Robert Malone and Li Min Yan were in front of little Christian churches in America in 2021.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, a lot of Christian churches were praying over Robert Malone and Lee Min Yan, because Robert Malone was touring the United States in Christian churches.
[SPEAKER_00]: I wonder why he would do it there?
[SPEAKER_00]: He's not really a Christ guy.
[SPEAKER_00]: He never testifies about Jesus.
[SPEAKER_00]: Once you actually do the work and see what these people have done,
[SPEAKER_00]: You can only be very terrified for where America is, because you just heard that guy talking when I first came on.
[SPEAKER_00]: He thinks that these people are going to rescue us, and that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[SPEAKER_00]: and his advisors are all really good guys, even though all of them agree that there was a virus, that it's probably gained a function, and that means it could come again.
[SPEAKER_00]: We better regulate that shit.
[SPEAKER_00]: and they're only talking about seed oils and cosmetics and fluoride in the water, and nobody's talking about vaccines, even though apparently Mary Holland's been trying to get the word out for almost two decades now.
[SPEAKER_00]: I worked for them for a year and a half, and now they all ignore me, not because I'm wrong, but because I'm right, because that's not their goal.
[SPEAKER_00]: Their goal is not to get to an endpoint.
[SPEAKER_00]: Their goal is not to save our grandchildren.
[SPEAKER_00]: Their goal is not to expose the criminal truth.
[SPEAKER_00]: that any doctor in this audience, please, when I'm done talking, explain to me how intramuscular injection of a combination of substances is oftentimes a good form of medicine.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because I think you're full of shit, and I don't think you've ever actually sat down and thought about it long enough to realize how stupid it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: that we allow, in America, the government to inject our children with 50 or 60 combinations of substances directly into their muscle, and claim that it's only good for them.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that when it's not good for them, it's just the rare chance that you have a genetic predisposition to it, or that we injected you wrong, like that traitor, liar, Marc Giraudeau has been going around the world saying for four years straight.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Panda's got every video he's ever done up on their website on Rumble, but none of mine.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the first one was just immunology.
[SPEAKER_00]: The way that we are here is because people have coordinated their lives across countries' borders, across news programs, across presentations of international COVID summit my ass, and across every podcast they've ever been on.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the dumber the podcast host is, the better.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because then these shitheads can say whatever they want, whenever they want to say it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the reality is that they know that the population is not going to be 10 billion forever.
[SPEAKER_00]: And just like games of Go or games of chess, there's only so long that they can collect this data.
[SPEAKER_00]: The data of the medical data, the data of the epigenome, the genomics, the immune system, whatever they're going to sample, I don't care.
[SPEAKER_00]: The reality is, is that they want to feed medical data into an AI in order to understand humanity, understand the human genome, start to engineer us as a species.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the only way to do it is to collect data.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now do the simple frickin' math.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're not gonna have 10 billion people on the planet forever.
[SPEAKER_00]: They know that, you know that.
[SPEAKER_00]: If they showed you the population pyramid of the West, you'd probably pee your pants.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I'll show it to you now.
[SPEAKER_00]: There is only one way out right now.
[SPEAKER_00]: If we don't get our grandchildren out now, one of the best ways that we could get them out, which no one says, I want you to think of one hero, one hero from CHD, one hero from ICANN, one hero from FLCCC.
[SPEAKER_00]: Has any of them ever once even spoken the words, we should probably get our kids off social media?
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course they haven't.
[SPEAKER_00]: They work for social media.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're getting paid by it.
[SPEAKER_00]: So they can't tell you that it's gonna ruin your kids or it will enslave them with mythologies and make them vulnerable to liars because they need us on the internet.
[SPEAKER_00]: They want to digitally enslave us.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why Robert Malone never warns about the internet.
[SPEAKER_00]: He warns about the Psywar and Children's Health Defense sells his fricking books.
[SPEAKER_00]: We got one chance to get our kids out.
[SPEAKER_00]: Watch this very carefully.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's the year above my head.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is men.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is women.
[SPEAKER_00]: Can you see something coming?
[SPEAKER_00]: Can you see something coming here, ladies and gentlemen?
[SPEAKER_00]: Can you see an increase in all cause mortality coming on both sides of this graph?
[SPEAKER_00]: You mouth breathers, you social media scrollers, can you wake up a second and see that all of these people could see this coming for decades?
[SPEAKER_00]: And that if they didn't do something about it, our healthcare systems would have gone bankrupt.
[SPEAKER_00]: Can you see that that's the reason why that guy, Dodd, has never mentioned this population pyramid?
[SPEAKER_00]: Can you see that that's why Denny Rancourt never says my name?
[SPEAKER_00]: And every time I've been on a podcast with him and mentioned this, he just says, no, I don't really understand.
[SPEAKER_00]: They saw this coming already in the 70s, ladies and gentlemen.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the reason why America has so many octogenarians in our goddamn Congress.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because if we had people that were awake and reading and paying attention, we wouldn't be here right now, where this problem is being managed by murder and by opioids epidemic and by giving people supplementary oxygen or ventilating when they don't need it, or maybe even just not treating them with antibiotics when they otherwise needed it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And maybe it's not going on very much anymore.
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe they're doing it all now with vaccination or with other crap.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the bottom line is, is that in 20 and 21, this was done in America and there was a coordinated effort around the world to lie about what it meant for you and for everybody else.
[SPEAKER_00]: That it was the start of something that is still going on now.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I need some of you to dare to question the possibility that even people like Kevin McKernan
[SPEAKER_00]: and Robert Malone, and Meryl Nass, Mary Holland, and Claire Craig, and Nick Hudson, and Jonathan Engler, they're all in on it, because they were all working for pharma beforehand, which means they all know that RNA cannot pandemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: They all know that this is old technology called transfection.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they all know that there would be a way out in America.
[SPEAKER_00]: They know that there is still a legal opening if we would just hold the government to strict scrutiny whenever they suspend fundamental rights.
[SPEAKER_00]: We could fix any law by just following that strict principle.
[SPEAKER_00]: that when the government has the ability to suspend fundamental rights, there should be held to strict scrutiny.
[SPEAKER_00]: And anytime you have the chance to talk to one of these fake lawyers, like Mary Holland or Aaron Seery, you should just say those simple one, that one sentence.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the extraordinary thing about the message that I'm bringing to you.
[SPEAKER_00]: I just want to replay this thing again, because I really think it's important for you to see that this just this is just the way it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: They saw this coming.
[SPEAKER_00]: that the data, the biology, the legal space that we're in, it doesn't need books.
[SPEAKER_00]: We don't need hundreds of pages.
[SPEAKER_00]: You need to succinctly ask these people, okay, explain to me why for the last 50 years we've been excited because DNA.
[SPEAKER_00]: DNA explains why evolution could happen.
[SPEAKER_00]: DNA's got this really cool shape.
[SPEAKER_00]: DNA, DNA, DNA.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now all of a sudden we've been led to believe that RNA can do all the same things.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you spill a special RNA in a mud puddle now, it can be everywhere.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's still everywhere.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's evolving.
[SPEAKER_00]: I guess we're stuck with it forever.
[SPEAKER_00]: And this is one of those coordinated lies that everybody from Tony Fauci to Kevin McKernan, from Francis Collins to Pierre Kory, from Mark Lander all the way down to Sasha Latupova, they all agree that RNA can pandemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course it can.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they can make some too.
[SPEAKER_00]: And this has been going on for a very long time.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's an easy way out.
[SPEAKER_00]: Gain of function is a mythology.
[SPEAKER_00]: The only thing they can do is make a lot of it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if they make a lot of it, it might make people sick.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it doesn't make a lot of itself.
[SPEAKER_00]: It can't!
[SPEAKER_00]: That's not biologically possible.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Scooby-Doo is real.
[SPEAKER_00]: And what I mean by that is they fooled us into trying to solve this mystery.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you think for a second, even in the last five years, that you thought, wow, maybe it is a lab leak, that's exactly what I'm talking about.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there are so many people in America right now on the left who voted for Harris, who think that this is actually kind of now possible.
[SPEAKER_00]: And wow, that's crazy.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that was exactly how this five-year operation with people like Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose going from COVID summit to COVID summit, that's exactly what this is about.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if you have any doubts about it, look at the SPARS pandemic document, S-P-A-R-S.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's a PDF of it and look on page 48 through about 53 and listen to the description of EpiGirl.
[SPEAKER_00]: the supposed internet personality that blows the whistle on the vaccine injuries.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's who these people are playing, especially Jessica Rose.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's only a spectacular commitment to lies.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm one of the only people who knows that the same people that are in this group right here are also back behind the scenes at CHD, also back behind the scenes at Steve Kirsch's steering committee.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is Byram Bridle,
[SPEAKER_00]: being controlled by three other people who all know what they need to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: All know what the topic to stay on is.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sabine Hazan, she has no business being where she is.
[SPEAKER_00]: She says she's involved in 200 plus clinical trials.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the only reason why they brought her out is because she says she sequenced the virus in the gut.
[SPEAKER_00]: CHD promotes her like she's a hero.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a joke.
[SPEAKER_00]: This guy is a guy who has sabotaged the NCI.
[SPEAKER_00]: Believe it or not.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, I'm going to just tell the truth because I got no, I got nothing else.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Jessica Rose, for sure, she is one of the worst meddlers of all because she has all of the prerequisite knowledge to have said everything that I've said and everything that a lot of you have said, but never said it.
[SPEAKER_00]: She has focused almost exclusively for two and a half years on the spike protein and on VAERS.
[SPEAKER_00]: And please keep in mind, ladies and gentlemen from America, what Jessica Rose did in 2020 was go around the United States on the Internet saying that there was no signal in VAERS before 2020.
[SPEAKER_00]: But remember, CHD had the movie vaxxed already in 2017 or 16.
[SPEAKER_00]: We already knew there was a signal that was being covered up because Brian Hooker already drove across the country to take the testimony and get the data from this guy who was a whistleblower at the CDC.
[SPEAKER_00]: But somehow or another, Jessica Rose, being this intrepid little mystery solver, didn't actually get any of that information and still hasn't really said any of that.
[SPEAKER_00]: You'd think she would have started out with that, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: If she was gonna be a foreigner trying to save people in America, but instead she published some hydroxychloroquine paper with Peter McCullough.
[SPEAKER_00]: All you have to do is look back at what these people were doing in 2020 and you will see that nobody was fighting.
[SPEAKER_00]: that everybody was following a script.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then look at what they did in 2021.
[SPEAKER_00]: You'll see, wow, they didn't really learn very much.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is crazy.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then you realize you do it in the math in your head and you realize that's a whole year.
[SPEAKER_00]: I wonder how many people in the audience know who Jimmy Dore is.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you do know who Jimmy Dore is, I apologize.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm going to play a video from him because I think it's really important.
[SPEAKER_00]: But also in October of 2021, these four people were on stage on a number of churches, a number of organized talks.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's really extraordinary to watch these set of videos that you can find still on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_00]: because this is Robert Malone pushing Li Min Yan in America on American soil with this guy, Erso.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know what he says in this talk in October of 2021?
[SPEAKER_00]: He puts up a slide that has 11 drugs on it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And he said, with this list of drugs, you can pretty much cure any disease.
[SPEAKER_00]: And he's an ophthalmologist.
[SPEAKER_00]: This guy over here, this guy told us all about natural immunity to the virus and about how the spike protein was toxic.
[SPEAKER_00]: Already in 2021, he knew all about the spike protein.
[SPEAKER_00]: And interestingly, he knew that ivermectin was displacing the S2 subunit from the ACE2 receptor or from the, sorry, from the CD147 or 47 receptor of T cells.
[SPEAKER_00]: So he had molecular mechanisms for ivermectin in October of 2021.
[SPEAKER_00]: He had a list of drugs that would cure all diseases, and he's just an ophthalmologist.
[SPEAKER_00]: This guy claimed to be a whistleblower, but in this talk right here, said he didn't have time to talk about the vaccines.
[SPEAKER_00]: He was there to talk about the political implications of the freedom of speech.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's what he was up to in October of 2021, when I had just lost my job and I was still trying to get college kids to, for the shit sake, not go back to university under vaccine mandates.
[SPEAKER_00]: And he didn't even want to talk about the vaccine.
[SPEAKER_00]: Instead, he wanted to give the stage to this person who told us all about the bioweapon.
[SPEAKER_00]: And of course, remember, he's supposed to be censored, but then he got on Jimmy Dore, who's like on YouTube with millions of followers.
[SPEAKER_00]: So what does he say?
[SPEAKER_00]: What do you think he'll be like?
[SPEAKER_00]: What do you think Jimmy will be like in his first appearance on Jimmy Dore?
[SPEAKER_00]: Jimmy Dore is going to read a script.
[SPEAKER_00]: What's the script?
[SPEAKER_08]: We are pleased to have with us renowned inventor of the mRNA vaccine technology.
[SPEAKER_08]: As a researcher at the Salk Institute, he pioneered in vitro RNA transfection technology.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, in vitro transfection technology.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know the thing that Kevin McKernan is going around the internet right now saying that that's not Jay's word.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was doing transfection with Sabatini in 1998.
[SPEAKER_00]: They are actually admitting it now that I was right in 2021 when I lost my job at a US med school by saying these are not investigational vaccines.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're not even new.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's old shit technology that I use on my mice on my bench all the time.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I don't want my parents or people's grandkids, nevermind pregnant women or young children being given this technology.
[SPEAKER_00]: And in fact, the first time that Robert Malone is on Jimmy Dore in 2021, he's introduced as the inventor of in vitro transfection technologies.
[SPEAKER_00]: The very word that these little shits will not say.
[SPEAKER_00]: for the last five years, because if they did, they would reveal that this intellectual property is not new.
[SPEAKER_00]: There are no patents available here.
[SPEAKER_00]: This bullshit is tried, tested, and useless, except for in an academic setting.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not investigational vaccine technology.
[SPEAKER_00]: But here we go.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's see what he says.
[SPEAKER_00]: Is he going to go on Jimmy Dore and say, stop all the presses?
[SPEAKER_00]: This stuff's dangerous?
[SPEAKER_00]: I wonder.
[SPEAKER_08]: He subsequently pioneered many new innovations in the fields of RNA vaccination and immunization.
[SPEAKER_08]: We welcome his expertise.
[SPEAKER_08]: He is Dr. Robert Malone.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you for being on the show.
[SPEAKER_11]: Thanks for the opportunity, Jimmy, and I look forward to sharing ideas with you and with your audience.
[SPEAKER_08]: So you seem to be the leading guy on mRNA vaccines.
[SPEAKER_08]: Could you explain to our audience what an mRNA vaccine is and how they protect against infectious diseases?
[SPEAKER_11]: So that's a question that can carry us forward for the next two hours, or I can try to oversimplify.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't need to even keep playing it, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course, you know what he's going to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's not going to say they're bad.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's not going to say they're good.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's going to explain how they work, the intention, the history.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, I'm so smart.
[SPEAKER_00]: And he's going to bamboozle him with no message at all.
[SPEAKER_00]: In 2021, in October, I was already, I had already said for six months, we need to stop transfection in healthy humans.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was wrong about there being a virus in circulation or that the transfection might make the virus evolve in a different way.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I had also been contacted repeatedly by Gerrit van den Bosch and another other people trying to convince me that that was real.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I apologize for having fallen victim to these monkeys that called me and emailed me.
[SPEAKER_00]: and convinced me that these issues were worth arguing about.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Robert Malone is one of those people who has done that from the very beginning.
[SPEAKER_00]: Never once have they had a succinct message like, hold the presses, stop.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nothing.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you can see it because the videos are all over the Internet.
[SPEAKER_00]: And he's not censored.
[SPEAKER_00]: He was on with Neil Farage.
[SPEAKER_00]: He was on all the Fox programs.
[SPEAKER_00]: He was opposed by Alex Berenson, who was also on Joe Rogan.
[SPEAKER_00]: He was discussed by these two guys, one of which is a Stanford professor on their YouTube channels.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's been on the Tommy podcast like 1,000 times with people as crazy as Stephen Hadfield.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is not a censored person.
[SPEAKER_00]: He is present on the internet in certain cognitive circles, the libertarian circles, the conservative circles, the Christian circles.
[SPEAKER_00]: And he was pushed there because he's wrangling cats there.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's his job.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's why all these people also agreed to talk about him and to argue about him and to say, yeah, Robert Malone's kind of weird.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why he was on the news.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is Dr. Robert Malone in the late 1980s when he conducted what Nature magazine calls a landmark experiment in San Diego on the path to the COVID-19 vaccines.
[SPEAKER_07]: And this is Dr. Malone today.
[SPEAKER_09]: Regarding the genetic COVID vaccines, the science is settled.
[SPEAKER_09]: They're not working.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're not working.
[SPEAKER_00]: So again, it's not that it's dangerous.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not that transfection is an old technology that would have been criminal to roll out in healthy people, which is what I'm saying.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's saying they're not working, which might be because they chose the toxic spike, according to Ryan Cole.
[SPEAKER_00]: It might be because they're not using the list of 11 magic drugs that Erso has that can cure any disease.
[SPEAKER_00]: Or maybe it's because they're not listening to the insights of Jill Glasspool Malone.
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe Lynn Finn has some special insights on what's really going on here.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, ladies and gentlemen, America is under attack.
[SPEAKER_00]: These are a group of coordinated liars.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know how many of them are witting participants and how many of them just were bamboozled by the champagne and the hot tubs and the photographs of their shoes together.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know how they all got fooled, but I know that they are all not playing for our grandchildren.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they may be coordinatedly working with people in your countries to do the same thing there.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think they work with Claire Craig and with Jonathan Engler, and I think they work with Nick Hudson, and there's many more.
[SPEAKER_00]: In fact, I would go so far as to say I wonder how many people in the audience know who Jikki Leaks is, but I'm pretty sure Jikki Leaks is an account that all of these people use.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, the important thing to understand here is that this is not going to stop.
[SPEAKER_00]: That was him featured on ABC News in 2022.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if we keep dropping these things in, you'll just keep seeing that they were all over the Internet.
[SPEAKER_00]: And people continue to agree that they were the people to talk about.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's because weaponized piles of money use the Internet to convince us who to argue with and what to argue about.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so if you're arguing with people on the internet, or you're cheering for these people with podcasts, like Dr. Drew, or Viva Frye, or Allison Morrow, then you're cheering for them already.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're lost.
[SPEAKER_00]: These are all videos on YouTube.
[SPEAKER_00]: These are all videos that are not censored, ladies and gentlemen.
[SPEAKER_00]: Wake up!
[SPEAKER_00]: This is a theater.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why when you look at this guy, Stephen Bartlett, his diary of a CEO podcast, it's hysterical because after having all of the standard people on talking about nuclear bombs or talking about how I made a billion dollars or talking about AI, oh, wow, wait, we also can cure cancer, but don't say that it was Warburg in the early 1900s.
[SPEAKER_00]: who we can have him on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, we can have this faker on.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is another one of those people who's not really speaking out usefully.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's another one who's not speaking out usefully.
[SPEAKER_00]: But now BBC says this guy's spreading misinformation, and some of the misinformation he's spreading is Bret Weinstein and Russell Brandt and this guy.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, he's so bad.
[SPEAKER_00]: And all they're doing is saying that the shot is bad.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're not saying anything about 2020 and the murder that occurred.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's why now Brett Weinstein gets to go on and say the BBC World Service isn't treating me right and continue to rise as some kind of fake hero in America.
[SPEAKER_00]: Make no mistake about it, Brett Weinstein, in the beginning of the COVID for a whole year,
[SPEAKER_00]: was wearing a bandana and woodshop goggles and locked down hard and encouraging people, especially old people, to lock down hard.
[SPEAKER_00]: He actually had a member of Drastic on his podcast in 2020 to talk about the lab leak before I ever even knew who the hell he was.
[SPEAKER_00]: Here's one of the most famous no-virus people, Andy Kaufman, shaking hands with some guy from New York.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think that's Cuomo.
[SPEAKER_00]: in 2019 because he's just getting a grant to make some bio tracker to prevent suicide in New York prisons.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I'm sure he's a real good guy.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: After that, you know, he just immediately spoke out about the no virus thing because he really wants to fight for our grandkids.
[SPEAKER_00]: And here is Steven Hatfield.
[SPEAKER_00]: Steven Hatfill, the guy associated with Ebola in Rhodesia back in the day, crossing paths with people like Meryl Nass a couple times in the anthrax story all the way back to 2011.
[SPEAKER_00]: This guy was the guy they originally thought and blamed for the anthrax leak in 2001.
[SPEAKER_00]: Ladies and gentlemen, this guy has been on a podcast with Robert Malone at least 15 times in the last three years.
[SPEAKER_00]: This guy was on stage in Romania with Nick Hudson, with Denny Rancor, with Brett Weinstein, with Meryl Nass, with Robert Malone, with Jill Glasspool Malone, with Ryan Cole in Romania.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because I guess Romania is the center of the fight.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that was their fifth COVID international summit in November of 2023.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can find the videos.
[SPEAKER_00]: These people have not saved us.
[SPEAKER_00]: These people have pretended to save us.
[SPEAKER_00]: They are part of an elaborate hoax.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I color these yellow so that you understand how many years have gone by since 2015 when Mary Holland was on a program in America telling us that it was some component of the MMR vaccine that hurt her son and that she needed them tested.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now, 10 years later, we have Steve Kirsch and Brett Weinstein promising us that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[SPEAKER_00]: is going to get to the bottom of this, and we're going to get the data, and then we're going to have tested, safe vaccines in five years.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're actually saying that right now, if you pay attention.
[SPEAKER_00]: And these same people have promoted somebody by the name of Sasha Latupova.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sasha Latupova's daughter has been an internet phenomenon since she was 11.
[SPEAKER_00]: An internet phenomenon full of profanity and racism and drug use way before she was 18 years old.
[SPEAKER_00]: And in fact, she was featured three times on the Alex Jones program in 2019.
[SPEAKER_00]: This woman, a retired pharma exec,
[SPEAKER_00]: who had a company in the 90s that was bought by Pfizer.
[SPEAKER_00]: This woman is supposedly also part of the team that's saving us, was on stage with Meryl Nass and Robert Malone and Mike Palmer of the
[SPEAKER_00]: Doctors for COVID Ethics group and Asim Malhotra all on the same stage at the same time in January of 2023 in Stockholm, Sweden, talking about the psychological warfare and the bio warfare and the fact that the US military did it.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's all one little coordinated group of liars.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they are an international little coordinated group with people, again, like Claire Craig.
[SPEAKER_00]: Look at her resume.
[SPEAKER_00]: She was a genome collector before the pandemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: She believes that if you give the AI enough genomes, it'll solve problems.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's her career.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's why she was not on a paper to say that we shouldn't question the PCR and we shouldn't stop testing with PCR.
[SPEAKER_00]: She said that we should use different primers.
[SPEAKER_00]: And who did she say that with?
[SPEAKER_00]: She said that in 2020 with Kevin McKernan and Mike Eden, Thomas Binder, Claire Craig, and a few other people that when you track them down and figure it out, they all agree there definitely was a virus.
[SPEAKER_00]: Even Mike Yeadon has since recently been promoting, not me, but Sasha Latapova, this mother of SOF.
[SPEAKER_00]: This little girl was probably abused and used by the American system, the same system that Alex Jones is a part of.
[SPEAKER_00]: I pray that there's nobody in this audience that still thinks that Alex Jones might be a good guy.
[SPEAKER_00]: These people,
[SPEAKER_00]: These people all know, okay?
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm just circling them because it's time.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's time.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's no more buts about it, okay?
[SPEAKER_00]: These people know.
[SPEAKER_00]: They may know in the sense of, don't tell me anything.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't want to know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't want to see behind the curtain.
[SPEAKER_00]: Don't tell me what's really going on.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'll just shut up.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'll just do this.
[SPEAKER_00]: But they know.
[SPEAKER_00]: They know that they are participating in our governance.
[SPEAKER_00]: They know that they are trying to infiltrate the Trump administration or control it or influence it.
[SPEAKER_00]: None of these people are clueless.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not possible anymore.
[SPEAKER_00]: We've been at it for six years, ladies and gentlemen.
[SPEAKER_00]: Six years of your life has been ruined by these people.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because rather than making useful progress against the criminals that have led us to believe that RNA can pandemic and that transfection is good for pregnant kids, pregnant women, excuse me, we are still following these people around.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're still leading us around by the nose and it's got to stop.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's got to stop now.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's December of 2024, and reality is that right now on American social media, on American TV, the discussion is very succinct.
[SPEAKER_00]: It looks like they covered up a lab leak.
[SPEAKER_00]: It looks like gain-of-function viruses are real.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it looks like bird flu might also be a gain-of-function virus.
[SPEAKER_00]: And many of our heroes are also pushing this narrative.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then, of course, you have the far left people saying that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[SPEAKER_00]: is going to ruin the world if you approve him.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so we've actually had some Nobel Prize winners recently sign a petition saying you shouldn't confirm Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so wouldn't it be a real disappointment if he didn't get confirmed and Donald Trump just went back to the well and confirmed somebody from Big Pharma?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, what do you think's going to happen?
[SPEAKER_00]: We haven't taught our children what gain-of-function mythology is yet.
[SPEAKER_00]: We haven't taught them all about the next virus coming.
[SPEAKER_00]: We haven't taught them that vaccines are the way out.
[SPEAKER_00]: And until we teach our kids that, they have failed.
[SPEAKER_00]: They still need us to believe.
[SPEAKER_00]: They still need us to pay attention.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why we are here in 2024, and still nobody can usefully summarize what happened.
[SPEAKER_00]: They murdered people and lied about it in order to make people believe
[SPEAKER_00]: that RNA can pandemic in order to make people believe that you can make special RNA and then they can even more pandemic like harder.
[SPEAKER_00]: They made people believe that the vaccines that they rolled out were new and that they worked, but they rushed them and they were contaminated.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I said they were going to do this in 2021.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why these people came to my house.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why they came to my house because they had to.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why they haven't been to anyone else's house in all this decade.
[SPEAKER_00]: So the COVID shot is bad.
[SPEAKER_00]: Don't talk about 2020s, what they're doing right now, and they're solving the Scooby-Doo.
[SPEAKER_00]: We've got the mystery solved.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now the problem is, of course, is that we were here in 2020.
[SPEAKER_00]: In July of 2020, the hypothesis that's on that page right there, still available on my YouTube channel, is that they are misconstruing a background with spread.
[SPEAKER_00]: a background signal with spread.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now the only way that I can really adequately explain that to you is to try to come up with an analogy for it, and so this is as good as it's going to get.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I want you to imagine that all the cars in the world are invisible, they're microscopic, you can't see them.
[SPEAKER_00]: But because you've been told you have cars, and there are cars everywhere, then you believe in the cars.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, the reality is, is that everybody has a car in their garage or a car in their driveway.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so if we rolled out a test or gave you special glasses that would allow you to see the rubber or allowed you to see the metal, then you could go outside and you could confirm it was there.
[SPEAKER_00]: But now I want you to imagine an even more malevolent scenario where you had to go to your doctor and then your doctor could confirm it for you.
[SPEAKER_00]: He would get on the internet with this special tool and he would scan where you parked and, oh yeah, you have a car.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now that's all that they've done with virology and with the pandemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's all that would be necessary.
[SPEAKER_00]: And one of the things that I think has really slipped my mind until right now, these past few weeks, is to realize that while all of these fake meddlers like, again, Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan and all these people have been arguing about the virus,
[SPEAKER_00]: They have been very, very conveniently perpetuating the idea of the virus and not at all speaking out against the tests.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I would be willing to bet that if you go back far enough and you look at some of these videos like I have, you're going to be surprised at how many of these people in 2021 start out their talk by saying, my conflicts of interest are on the page.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have some, I have a small financial interest in a lateral flow test.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have a small interest in a PCR test.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have a small interest in an antibody test.
[SPEAKER_00]: They all said it.
[SPEAKER_00]: They all said it, but it's too late now to do anything about it, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: You can't go back.
[SPEAKER_00]: There'd be no point in watching those videos from before.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why we have this list of things that's so crazy.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's hard to even, it's hard to believe that we are here.
[SPEAKER_00]: where everybody pretty much believes all the same things.
[SPEAKER_00]: Pandemics are real, but Fauci's either a hero or responsible.
[SPEAKER_00]: That natural viruses are real, but gain-of-function viruses are worth, and vaccines do something.
[SPEAKER_00]: Millions have died of COVID, but lockdowns and masks prevented many more.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, there was something strange for sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mary Holland, Meryl Ness, they had COVID a couple, three times.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, Harvey Reich told me that the third time that he had COVID was the worst, and he was already using hydroxychloroquine as a prophylactic, and it still kicked his ass.
[SPEAKER_00]: The vaccines might work, but they're not tested.
[SPEAKER_00]: And RFK is going to get all the data.
[SPEAKER_00]: Vaccines stand as one of the greatest medical advances of all, in all history.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is a pretty big problem.
[SPEAKER_00]: If we have a significant fraction of our population believing that vaccines are good, if in reality, intramuscular injection is stupid.
[SPEAKER_00]: But funny, since I've started to say intramuscular injection is stupid, the first time I actually said it was on a podcast called the Germ Warfare Podcast.
[SPEAKER_00]: A South African, good friends with Nick Hudson.
[SPEAKER_00]: I actually tested Nick.
[SPEAKER_00]: And sure enough, about three days after that podcast, about three weeks before the podcast would actually be released by Nick's friend, Nick was already tweeting, intramuscular injection is dumb.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's not tweeting it anymore, of course, because I was able to call him out very succinctly on how he did it and why it was from that person.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is how they do it.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is the reason why, on the Panda website, the three presentations that I did that were all over an hour are not there.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because Nick Hudson's job, and Jessica Hockett's job, and Jonathan Engler's job, and Robert F. Kennedy's job when I was working on the book was to figure out what I knew and try to get me to focus on the lab leak.
[SPEAKER_00]: And once I started saying that the lab leak was an impossibility, that RNA cannot pandemic is a better and more succinct way to challenge this narrative, everything unraveled.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so what else do we have?
[SPEAKER_00]: Lab viruses are real and dangerous and can be made by anyone, is what Robert Malone tells us, and so we need to strictly regulate their use.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, over here, they agree the same thing, but we already strictly regulate their use, so there's nothing to worry about.
[SPEAKER_00]: How about sex and gender?
[SPEAKER_00]: Did you ever think about this as a trap?
[SPEAKER_00]: Because it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a trap, because if you start arguing about sex being determined by chromosomes or by genes, then you are on a slippery slope to saying that everything is caused by genes, which is where they want you.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's where that bad biology 101 that I'm trying to fight now, that I think I need to write a textbook to oppose, is actually getting you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Where you think that the only useful contribution to you is found in your genes, and if you understood those genes, then you'd understand 98% of what makes you, you.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that is the biggest lie that the Human Genome Project and Francis Collins and Mark Lander and
[SPEAKER_00]: The head of research and development for the Human Genome Project, Kevin McKernan, have told us over these last 20 years.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Human Genome Project hasn't even begun until they started sequencing everybody, and they still can't really sequence everybody.
[SPEAKER_00]: They can just look for different landmarks across genomes and hope that they find signals.
[SPEAKER_00]: So this is, again, part of their illusion.
[SPEAKER_00]: They want you to fight about this.
[SPEAKER_00]: They want you to come on the obviously sex is determined by chromosomes, just like autism is obviously determined by genes.
[SPEAKER_00]: So this is where, of course, everybody agrees, but not really agrees about Ukraine, about Israel and about processed foods and sunscreen and whatever.
[SPEAKER_00]: And again, I'm trying to make the argument that these are all easy.
[SPEAKER_00]: These are just silly traps.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can argue about Israel all you want.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're never going to win unless you start talking about the fact that Palantir's AI is being used and tested for targeting there.
[SPEAKER_00]: Unless you start talking about the fact that AI was also used during the rollout of the vaccine in Israel.
[SPEAKER_00]: So just one big test lab for everything.
[SPEAKER_00]: You start talking about it that way then you realize the entire international community has some reason to pay attention Because they all have satellites so they can get data to The data is probably up to the highest bidder, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean all the data that gets extracted all the algorithms that get fine-tuned in Israel are gonna be up for the highest bidder I mean, come on.
[SPEAKER_00]: What planet do we live on ladies and gentlemen?
[SPEAKER_00]: How are we gonna start to be realistic at some point?
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh
[SPEAKER_00]: They need us to destroy America because America is the last legislative haven where some useful progress could still legally be made.
[SPEAKER_00]: Canadians, already gone.
[SPEAKER_00]: Australians, already gone.
[SPEAKER_00]: The, you know, English, I don't know what you guys can do over there in the UK, but I think you're kind of already gone too.
[SPEAKER_00]: We still have fundamental rights that we could still use and protect.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're almost gone.
[SPEAKER_00]: but we don't have a lawyer that's willing to do it, so they're almost gone for a reason.
[SPEAKER_00]: Remember, understanding this is really about understanding that because we participated in this five-year social media fiasco circus performance, we have accepted they're monsters that include gain-of-function viruses, that include contaminated vaccines,
[SPEAKER_00]: that include Marburg virus, or monkeypox, or disease X, and even autism.
[SPEAKER_00]: Even the very word autism is a word that is theirs, a construct that is theirs, and arguing about it accepts the premises that these originally, what we should have been talking about, are just chemically and intramuscularly injected damaged kids.
[SPEAKER_00]: They have been assaulted, they have been intramuscularly raped, they have been chemically assaulted, they have been exposed to a toxin in the worst way possible, and therefore we don't need to have a word like autism to describe it, where there's a combination of, I don't know, let's ask James Lyons Weiler, a combination of environmental and genetic causes.
[SPEAKER_00]: Intramuscular injection is the worst way to be exposed to a toxin.
[SPEAKER_00]: Period.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if you inject it in your vein, then it's gonna be pretty hard for you to disassociate the temporal injection with the pain or the suffering that you get from it.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you inject it intramuscularly and it takes three weeks for the pain and the suffering to start, then that's pretty good for the toxin.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's pretty good for the blame.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's pretty good for the poisoner.
[SPEAKER_00]: And once you understand that as a doctor, I don't know how you can not just pause and cry.
[SPEAKER_00]: and realize that all of these things were dumb.
[SPEAKER_00]: That intramuscular injection is a skillless way to administer medicine and a actually inappropriate way to administer almost any medicine besides a absolutely pure chemical diluted in saline.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the reality.
[SPEAKER_00]: that we have been fooled into believing that you can combine inert and active substances in combination and then inject them in the muscle and usefully augment an otherwise healthy child, an otherwise healthy pregnant woman.
[SPEAKER_00]: And we have to start there, because arguing about a virus or arguing about PCR tests or arguing about ivermectin is missing that fundamental frickin' point.
[SPEAKER_00]: That every doctor, I think, on Earth could, in theory,
[SPEAKER_00]: come to his or her own conclusion about, like, wow, I get it.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is dumb.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so this list is important to understand only from the perspective of what they have been able to accomplish with social media.
[SPEAKER_00]: We have allowed this.
[SPEAKER_00]: Our acquiescence to social media has allowed our precision cognitive fracturing
[SPEAKER_00]: And now it's only a question of how they will take advantage of it and what they will add to it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the only way out of this is for our children to get off of social media.
[SPEAKER_00]: and to learn biology.
[SPEAKER_00]: That means you have to learn biology, too, and I can't do it for you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Metaphorically, we're all overweight and haven't exercised for 20 years, and we have lots and lots, months and months of exercise to string together before we're going to understand what happened to us.
[SPEAKER_00]: No one can do it for you.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's not a two-hour stream that I can do that will explain it to you better than I've already done it.
[SPEAKER_00]: You actually have to do the work to convince yourself that they lied.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because that's the same work that you did to convince yourself this was a lab leak over the last five years.
[SPEAKER_00]: The same work that you convinced yourself that they were lying about something or covering something up.
[SPEAKER_00]: That same work needs to be undone and it can only be undone by each of us to ourselves.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the way to do it for me as a study is for you to try and disprove these statements.
[SPEAKER_00]: As a doctor or as a PhD, try to disprove this statement, that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
[SPEAKER_00]: If there's a good example of it, we should have that exception on the list and understand why it's an exception.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if there isn't, then this might be one of the most important messages in recent history.
[SPEAKER_00]: Transfection of healthy humans was always criminal because it's an old,
[SPEAKER_00]: proven technology to work great in vitro and be ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_00]: for modifying or augmenting a healthy human's health.
[SPEAKER_00]: So transfection, the master of transfection, the inventor of transfection technology from the Salk Institute, Robert Malone is not a hero.
[SPEAKER_00]: He is working on the same team as Tony Fauci, the same team as Gabby, the same team as The Who.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's all one big show.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the best way to get that is RNA cannot pandemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: It cannot pandemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: It cannot self-perpetuate.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think that any academic biologist that knows a little bit can do the legwork to find out that that's definitely not possible.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're not equivalent.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's no way.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's just not possible.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I really think that studying biology is the way out and trying to understand the illusion that was created by the Human Genome Project.
[SPEAKER_00]: They didn't complete anything.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was a starting gun.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's all it was.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they still need to collect most of the data.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they still need to build most of the computers.
[SPEAKER_00]: And even after they do all of that, we're still not going to be where Ray Kurzweiler says we're going to be in 2040, where all diseases are cured and everybody can upload their consciousness.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's just
[SPEAKER_00]: It's irreverent.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's blasphemous.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's irreverent to the sacred irreducible complexity of creation that was given to us by our Creator.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think that that's also part of this.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is a spiritual war in the sense of they don't want you to have anything remotely resembling
[SPEAKER_00]: a spiritual side to your life, or a connection to what is sacred right outside of your window, in your garden, and in the manifestation of your grandchildren.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think that everybody has a way out.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's just a question of whether or not we can present these ideas to people.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you don't have to say my name, I don't care.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, I don't I don't you don't need to send them to my website.
[SPEAKER_00]: You just need to share these ideas back here.
[SPEAKER_00]: I really think that that these ways and trying to succinctly summarize things is really important.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's also why in America.
[SPEAKER_00]: i think it's important if you know a lawyer to ask them about strict scrutiny and about the rational basis test because these two terms are the key to ending the prep act these two terms are the key to striking any of these laws as unconstitutional because
[SPEAKER_00]: These unconstitutional laws allow the suspension of fundamental rights without holding the government to strict scrutiny, but instead requiring only the rational basis test.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, I'm sorry to toot my own horn, but that's probably the best
[SPEAKER_00]: that that legal argument and and problem in america has ever been stated by anyone in the freedom movement ever erin seri mary holland robert f kennedy junior any of them
[SPEAKER_00]: None of them have ever come close to saying it as succinctly as that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's not because I'm oversimplifying it, it is because that is how malevolent the place we are right now is.
[SPEAKER_00]: We don't need to talk about virology, we need to talk about RNA being unable to do what virology says it does all the time.
[SPEAKER_00]: We don't need to talk about a particular vaccine or about contamination because intramuscular injection, as far as I can tell, is just dumb.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now imagine how different it would be to oppose the vaccine schedule in America, not by complaining about the calendar or about the number of shots, but about the methodology in general, because that's what these two statements do.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm open for questions.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's about all I had.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't want to be angry, but I am.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because my family has had everything on the line for five years and I have come to understand that very few people have had what we've had on the line.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so I'm angry.
[SPEAKER_00]: I am.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm angry.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm angry about people like Nick Hudson who continue to pretend like they are trying to help.
[SPEAKER_00]: But just honestly, everybody in this audience, everybody that sees this video, test it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Go to Rumble and search Pandata and KUI.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you will find no videos, but if you do it with Rose or Nass or Malone or Getzko or anybody, you will find videos of them.
[SPEAKER_00]: Even Matt Crawford has videos.
[SPEAKER_00]: So we are talking about a purposeful cover-up of anyone that gets remotely close to the real truth.
[SPEAKER_00]: Not that there's no virology or no molecular biology, but these people are coordinatedly lying.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they murdered people and lied about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's how they managed to pull this off.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they did it in a lot of places.
[SPEAKER_00]: They did it in Scotland, and in the Netherlands, and anywhere they had excess old people, they murdered them.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you know they did.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the difference is, if they murdered them, then why are we talking about COVID?
[SPEAKER_00]: There wasn't one.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, that's it.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm open to questions, of course.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_06]: JJ, thank you so much.
[SPEAKER_06]: Since I'm Australasia's passion provocateur.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think you're still muted there, Charles.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'm here.
[SPEAKER_06]: Can you hear me, Lex?
[SPEAKER_00]: I can hear you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, I don't have it up.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_00]: There we go.
[SPEAKER_06]: There you are.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, JJ.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes, I made a couple of comments, but you missed them.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I am.
[SPEAKER_06]: a passion provocateur, and I love anger.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's a couple of great comments, including from Bobby, you know, righteous anger is sacred.
[SPEAKER_06]: I point out, JJ, Richard Ameling is here, and he also lost his tenure as an academic in 2021.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, there you go.
[SPEAKER_06]: We've got one.
[SPEAKER_06]: Richard, please say hello, because really I want
[SPEAKER_06]: Jay to meet one of these not alone.
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, I have a string of questions, and then we'll get to- Hi, Jay Jay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Here's Richard.
[SPEAKER_00]: Richard.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: I recognize Richard.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_00]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_00]: How are you doing?
[SPEAKER_00]: It's been a while.
[SPEAKER_03]: Let's stay in touch, my friend.
[SPEAKER_03]: A lot to talk about.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Very good.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right.
[SPEAKER_06]: So there you are.
[SPEAKER_06]: Jay, you're not alone.
[SPEAKER_06]: Many of us here have lost, not our tenure, but lost our careers, and certainly I'm acting for people who have.
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, Jay, give us three names before I go to Lex.
[SPEAKER_06]: and Stephen's having a bit of rest this morning, so I'm going to Lex.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think Sandra had her hand up first, so we'll go to Sandra first.
[SPEAKER_06]: Give us three names and, you know, what I'm grappling with, and after, you know, moderating some 320 such meetings, plus another 150 in other places, plus speaking many times, the words of Judy Majkovic keep ringing in my ears.
[SPEAKER_06]: Don't fucking jab anyone.
[SPEAKER_06]: don't inject stuff.
[SPEAKER_06]: I saw something where she's being retained by Bobby Kennedy, and this whole idea of this complexity in the times that you've presented to us, it's really wonderful for you to courageously come out and say, here's what I say, test it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it's
[SPEAKER_06]: It's excellent that you say, hey, my videos are not up on Panda.
[SPEAKER_06]: You go, wow, that's interesting.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's a piece of fact, not an opinion.
[SPEAKER_06]: My question is, before we go to Sandra, give me three names of people who
[SPEAKER_06]: People watching this recording and here, you think have not been corrupted, and I guarantee to you I haven't been corrupted as best I can tell.
[SPEAKER_06]: No one has bought me, no one has given me money.
[SPEAKER_06]: The comment is made in the chat that if anyone's living the high life and earning big bucks, there's a big chance they've been bought.
[SPEAKER_06]: Give us three names where you reckon, yep, what they say can be relied upon.
[SPEAKER_00]: As far as I know, Thomas Binder, I know I listed him as being part of that original PCR paper, the Corman-Jorson report that was really Claire Craig and Kevin McKernan.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's on that paper, but my guess is that
[SPEAKER_00]: Like a couple other people, I think he was brought in or roped in with these people in hopes of controlling him.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's also why they put him in a hospital.
[SPEAKER_00]: I do think Stephen Frost is also a good guy.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're a good guy.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, the bottom line is, is that you guys have never said one thing and done another.
[SPEAKER_00]: When you tell me my video is going to be up, it's up.
[SPEAKER_00]: And when you tell me my video is not gonna be up until tomorrow because you slept overslept and that's what you tell me but some of these people Make a recording of me and say it's gonna be up in three weeks and then it's not up and before that three weeks is over You know, there's lots of people that are saying things the way that I said it and they did that enough a number of times so I would say Steven and you of course, I would say Thomas Binder
[SPEAKER_00]: on
[SPEAKER_00]: is one of the worst players in this.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sasha Latupov's private connect conversations with me are absolutely terrible.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the really strange part about it that I've never added yet.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I can only say to everybody that if you could read all the direct messages and the signal chats that I have with these people, you'd probably be in tears and wonder why I haven't already lost my mind.
[SPEAKER_00]: I really do say that without joking.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think that God gave me three healthy kids because if he had given me a vaccine-damaged child, there would have been blood.
[SPEAKER_00]: Certainly by now.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would not have been able to organize a big top tent of health freedom and try to speak that way about anything.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I don't understand how they can.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Jay, just to reinforce my journey, I'm on the committee of the Australian Vaccination Risk Network that was founded in 1994.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm the treasurer of that organisation.
[SPEAKER_06]: I wasn't in it with 94.
[SPEAKER_06]: 14 years ago, I was advising on legal strategy to help parents in Australia whose kids were damaged by vaccines.
[SPEAKER_06]: So 14 years I've been on this journey, but that was my awakening, even though I've been heavily into health since 1965.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was only 14 years ago that I was awakened, and that's why your words ring so true to me, because nobody who knows anything about this can possibly say that these things are bloody safe.
[SPEAKER_06]: And the data is clear, and it's the ignoring, and that's what Stephen Frost says.
[SPEAKER_06]: And we've often said here, many doctors have
[SPEAKER_06]: put injections into people because they say, I've got a mortgage to pay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, the question, I don't want to, so I just make that up.
[SPEAKER_06]: I've been on this 14 year journey and I would never, I would, you know, this whole issue, I just want, that's why Judy Malkovich's words are so powerful for all of us.
[SPEAKER_06]: Don't inject anything because you don't know what's in it.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're still having debates about any shit that's in any vaccines.
[SPEAKER_06]: We still don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: We tried to do an investigation of what this vitamin K is in these bloody injections.
[SPEAKER_06]: So what I want all of us to think about, Jay, and thank you for your honesty, is I admire your genius as does Stephen.
[SPEAKER_06]: So how do we harness Jay?
[SPEAKER_06]: Everybody, don't answer that question, Jay, but my proposition to any of you is, Jay, what problem do you want to solve?
[SPEAKER_06]: In other words, Buckminster Fuller, I refer you all to Buckminster Fuller, each one of you has a role to play in this game.
[SPEAKER_06]: Jay, what's the role that you want to play?
[SPEAKER_06]: That's what you're supposed to be doing.
[SPEAKER_06]: What's the problem you want to solve?
[SPEAKER_06]: And let's find someone who's going to pay you appropriately for solving it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll talk to you offline on that.
[SPEAKER_06]: But all of you, there are some people here who are passionate about this cause, but you haven't worked out how you want to add
[SPEAKER_06]: value by solving a problem.
[SPEAKER_06]: And my promise to you is if you work that out, you won't have to be destitute.
[SPEAKER_06]: And being destitute is a shitty place to be.
[SPEAKER_06]: So don't be destitute.
[SPEAKER_06]: So don't play that victim game of being destitute, because you will be rewarded for solving a problem that needs to be solved.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's my promise to you.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll guarantee it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I'll give you a written guarantee.
[SPEAKER_00]: I appreciate that comment, because I do get caught oftentimes, but if it matters at all to say it in retrospect, the reason why I try to point it out is because one of the ways that you can explore
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, the track record of these people is to see whether they've really sacrificed anything or not.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now I've got, I've got donors and I've got people that take care of my family.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so, so it is only because I don't like being supported by two or three or five people.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, and, and running on fumes like that, that I mentioned it, whereas there are other people who have very comfortably from the very beginning,
[SPEAKER_00]: been able to take advantage of the new social media and the new whatever things that have come up.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think that's a really important thing to see because those new social medias also have owners.
[SPEAKER_00]: They have people that have set them up and run them.
[SPEAKER_00]: And we were segregating ourselves into Gab and into Telegram groups, into Signal groups.
[SPEAKER_00]: And those segregated groups still exist and still influence people.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, and so I do really think we need to, we need to work very hard to reorient ourselves to finding individuals, um, that we can trust to have something to say.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so I don't think we're going to podcast our way out of this.
[SPEAKER_00]: If all we're ever going to do is interview each other.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um,
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's why I don't interview people.
[SPEAKER_00]: I have enough to say on my own.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't need to interview anybody.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let me say that the Charles Kerves show is up to episode 219.
[SPEAKER_06]: Oh, nice.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I want to be on that show.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, I don't do interviews.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, perfect.
[SPEAKER_06]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_06]: I was on TNT Radio.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's going to come back as The Pulse.
[SPEAKER_06]: Literally 219 shows like you, I have been straight monologue.
[SPEAKER_06]: So, and there are, that's why we've asked, where's the good sources of information and where are the good groups of people doing stuff, Jay?
[SPEAKER_06]: You make a good point and stuff is happening.
[SPEAKER_06]: from this group, as I say, in often introductions, and Jerome will publish your book, Jay, so we will tee that up.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, let's get to other questions.
[SPEAKER_06]: We've got another hour to go, Jay.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was magnificent to hear your truth.
[SPEAKER_06]: We'll go Sandra, because your hand was up first, then we'll go to Lex and Anders and John.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sandra.
[SPEAKER_02]: Charles, very quickly, can I just say there's a great comment from John Lukacs in the
[SPEAKER_02]: chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, John, I'm not always against you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pandemic is not a word, it's a lie.
[SPEAKER_02]: What do you think of that, JJ?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I think that's a great way to address a lot of these things.
[SPEAKER_00]: Again, it's a hard exercise, but
[SPEAKER_00]: we have to constantly check ourselves that we're, when we use their terms with their definitions, we're kind of already trapped.
[SPEAKER_00]: And, and so, um, vaccine is one of those traps.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think autism is one of those traps.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think, um, you know, genes and, and what we, what we think of genes being able to do is one of those traps where we're, we're, we're putting our kids in that trap too.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um,
[SPEAKER_02]: So, JJ, I think you answered that very quickly then, and you kind of took it as read, but I don't think most of the population see it that way.
[SPEAKER_02]: So what's your best way of convincing people?
[SPEAKER_02]: that there was no pandemic, that there cannot be a pandemic, in fact, in my view.
[SPEAKER_02]: I also shared John's view that pandemics are not possible.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think that pandemics not being possible is a kind of, you can dunk the basketball kind of thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can't dunk the basketball now, but if you do enough
[SPEAKER_00]: Working out and exercise, you can dunk a basketball.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's basically the answer for RNA cannot pandemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you're not a biologist, you got a lot of work to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: I can't take you through a three-hour course in biology unless you just believe everything I say.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then if you believe everything I say, I can explain to you why DNA is supposedly very special and RNA can't be.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then when you realize that, you realize that pandemic has attributed almost everything that DNA can do to RNA as long as it's in a virus.
[SPEAKER_00]: If RNA is in you, it's really temporary and barely does anything and it's highly regulated and there's all kinds of little ones too.
[SPEAKER_00]: But if we put it in a virus, it does, it's very robust and it lasts for decades and it's great in the freezer and we can resurrect it from dead bodies in Alaska and that's just all bullshit.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's bullshit that a select group of people agrees to lie about.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if you get Meryl Nass and Kevin McKernan in to argue with me, they'll agree to lie about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's their job.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you get two other virologists here, they might not be sophisticated enough to know they're full of shit, but they're definitely full of shit because everything they do on their bench is synthetic.
[SPEAKER_00]: They order the RNA, they order the cell culture that they're culturing, and then they apply the two together, and then they take off the supernatant, and they find a molecule in it, and they say they're doing virology, and they're just not sophisticated enough to understand that that's not recapitulating anything in nature.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the only reason why they think it is is because these virologists have told them that the same sequence is found in bats that we sent you in that tube.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the extent to this.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's all the lying that Robert Malone and Judy Mikovits have to cover up.
[SPEAKER_00]: Judy Mikovits can say, don't inject yourself until she comes home.
[SPEAKER_00]: The cows come home as long as she keeps telling everybody that RNA can pandemic and they can make special RNA and it can even pandemic harder.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's the trick.
[SPEAKER_00]: You need to see that all of these people are not scoring a touchdown.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're saying one thing, but not all of it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if all of these people understand, then all of these people should have been here by now.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mary Holland shouldn't have needed me.
[SPEAKER_00]: to get here, and she's still not here.
[SPEAKER_00]: Meryl Nass shouldn't have needed my help if she was already speaking in front of Congress by telephone about the anthrax vaccines in 2011, then she shouldn't have needed my help in 2023 to get to the stage where she could say RNA cannot pandemic or the intramuscular injection of a combination of substances in general is pretty stupid, but she hasn't gotten there yet.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's only because it is by design.
[SPEAKER_00]: I am not a super genius.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm just a biologist that's not lying and hasn't been bought off yet.
[SPEAKER_00]: That doesn't have a career to lose anymore because it was already taken away.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I assure you that I'd have my mouth shut if they'd have made other choices and gave me more students and more money and said, keep working on your very important problem in the brain.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would still be working on it because that's where I was.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is only by their mistake.
[SPEAKER_00]: and by their ineptness that we are here right now, where I can tell you with confidence that all these people lied to me, because they all did.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I have the DMs, and the signal chats, and the emails, and the recorded phone calls, and the recorded Zoom meetings, and the public podcasts to show you.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if you do the language and do the research and you look for it, you can see it.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's just a coordinated group of liars and, and, and they had a problem to solve.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is the thing that I think would, would work, especially for Americans, because you can find video of Ted Turner talking about it in the eighties, about how, when all of us baby boomers get to be old, America's going to have a pretty big problem.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's because we don't have a population pyramid shaped like a pyramid anymore.
[SPEAKER_00]: And for the last 20 years, they saw this increase in all-cause mortality coming, and that's why they put people like Dodd and Rancor in place to talk about all-cause mortality without ever mentioning the population pyramid of the West.
[SPEAKER_00]: That everywhere from Scotland to America to the Netherlands, it was all top-heavy.
[SPEAKER_00]: because a lot of people had kids after World War II.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's really simple fricking map.
[SPEAKER_00]: They had a problem to manage and they'd managed it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they managed it with lies that got them trillions of dollars to move in the directions that they could control and respond to.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Malone and all of these people are in on the testing and in on all of the other profit making on the virus.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why none of them have ever usefully questioned it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's why the only people that have usefully questioned it haven't usefully questioned it and said, said everything from, you know, everything and everything's a lie and it's just detoxification or this other bullshit.
[SPEAKER_00]: When they too could have said, Tom Cowan and Alex Zek and Kauffman, they could have all said that they're murdering people in America and lying about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're murdering people with ventilators and remdesivir and supplementary oxygen and midazolam and withholding antibiotics, but they didn't.
[SPEAKER_00]: They spent a year or two years talking about isolation and purification and only would talk to people on podcasts if the discussion was about those three words.
[SPEAKER_00]: Not about murder, not about lies, and not about why they would ever have to murder anybody.
[SPEAKER_00]: Isn't it funny how somebody as smart as Andy Kaufman hasn't ever mentioned the population pyramid, or Tom Cowan with his mountain of common sense has never mentioned the population pyramid as a problem needing managing?
[SPEAKER_00]: They all haven't mentioned it, ladies and gentlemen, because it is
[SPEAKER_00]: The problem needing managing that's why they needed to have a story about a virus because all cause mortality was going to go on up and they were just going to look at you and say, well, we got more old people.
[SPEAKER_00]: What did you expect?
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course, they were going to tell you a story about a disease that they could enslave your children with.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, think about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't even know what the question was anymore.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anyway, we've got to keep moving.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, Stephen.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pandemic is not a word, it's a lie.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's go.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, Jay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well said.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sandra.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hi, JJ.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thank you, I've really been following your stuff and Mark Kulek's stuff, and it's, you too, the research you guys do is incredible, that's all I can say.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm kind of more like a Dr. McCoy, you know, kind of a simple country doc, so a lot of the stuff that I've been following you on, I'm not getting.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not, you know, it doesn't, anyways, it's not easy for me, let's put it that way.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I have a question I want to pose to you.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I first wanted to share something briefly about Mary Harlan.
[SPEAKER_04]: A couple years ago, I wanted to address the California Board of Pharmacy about the contaminants in the bioweapon.
[SPEAKER_04]: But my concern was I didn't want to take away from the fact that they're horrible and go down a rabbit hole, right, with the Board of Pharmacy and everything.
[SPEAKER_04]: And just so you know, she told me to go ahead and go on that line and forget the other stuff, just deal with the contaminants.
[SPEAKER_04]: So just kind of an aside, FYI.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay, so my question is this, if the quote COVID sickness was disseminated from a toxin in select areas, New York City, places in Italy, et cetera,
[SPEAKER_04]: How did so many people experience the clots and microscope clots in other areas?
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm just, I mean, I had patients that had clots out of the blue with their flu.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, it's not normal.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I don't, I don't understand.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm trying to figure how that worked.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, uh, first of all, this is pre pre-injection pre-injection.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, this, this goes hand in hand with, um,
[SPEAKER_00]: it goes hand in hand with the rest of the sort of problem that I have, which is that this is a crime.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so if I have to have a better answer, and I'm not saying this in defense or being defensive to you, I'm just trying to propose why your question is so difficult for anyone and why it's actually a question that Robert Malone would ask or that Meryl Nass would ask.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, is that every year, every year in America, 3 million people die every year, every week, rather in America, somewhere between 10 and 15,000 people die of pneumonia.
[SPEAKER_00]: So
[SPEAKER_00]: When people are dying of pneumonia, they can have clots in their lungs.
[SPEAKER_00]: They can have secondary strokes.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so one of the things that I can't stress enough that you always need to do is reverse engineer how you got to understand that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the only thing I know is, is that before 2019, I didn't give a shit about people dying in the hospital and didn't care at all about anybody dying of flu.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I know for sure that doctors were not looking for clots in people that were dying of flu.
[SPEAKER_00]: Why?
[SPEAKER_00]: They weren't told to.
[SPEAKER_00]: Flues, they knew how to treat with antibiotics and with whatever other things they used to treat them with, giving them fluids, whatever the deal is, nobody looked for it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, if there were a certain subset of respiratory diseases with secondary pneumonia that also had microclotting, they knew that already.
[SPEAKER_00]: What a wonderful way to pretend that there's something new.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now, I'm not a doctor.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm just, I'm trying to,
[SPEAKER_00]: always reorient you and everyone into first trying to reverse engineer how it is you got to that question.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the question presupposes that before the pandemic, nobody with pneumonia ever had any microclotting, but who's testing for it?
[SPEAKER_00]: Who was looking for, who even knew about that before that?
[SPEAKER_00]: Because I know that people who had the flu had heart attacks, and people who had the flu had strokes, and people that had the flu got pneumonia and went into the hospital, and other things happened, and nobody ever said that the flu caused it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nobody ever said that, well, if he would have had a flu vaccine, he would have never had a stroke.
[SPEAKER_00]: But they told that story about COVID, and everybody bought it, because everybody from Tony Fauci all the way to Kevin McKernan in 2020 were already agreeing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project was already doing podcast circuits in 2020 telling people that he did PCR, he does PCR, PCR works, the FDA sucks, and COVID was probably around longer than they say it was.
[SPEAKER_00]: Which is not saving anybody.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's kind of like the same background of PCR.
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe this was a background.
[SPEAKER_04]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a background of respiratory disease that gets made a lot worse if you stop giving them antibiotics and their pneumonia progresses to a stage it never would have if you'd have just treated it.
[SPEAKER_04]: How many people got there like that?
[SPEAKER_04]: Because next month, I'm going to do our local chapter CHD presentation.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm going to try and bring people around to some of this thinking, because they're still on the old narratives.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is really a question of how specific were we about the details of respiratory disease before 2020, and how ridiculously specific we became afterward.
[SPEAKER_00]: That illusion is spectacularly controlled by these people.
[SPEAKER_00]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_04]: And what do you, what about shedding?
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I do, I mean, I, again, again, I never noticed, but I did have female patients whose cycles changed just from being around people at work.
[SPEAKER_04]: And actually one of my cats had hematuria for a month with no diagnosable cause after my husband got his injections.
[SPEAKER_00]: But that's different, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: So if you think of this technology as being old and Robert Malone being the inventor of it, the technology is transfection.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there's absolutely no reason not to think that if you got transfected to a protein that you wouldn't shed it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course you would.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if that protein had some biological properties, now remember, one of the things, I just wanna make sure everybody, I don't know if this is gonna work, but one of the things that I really want everybody to think about, I'm gonna make myself smaller, is the idea of a vaccine in general, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: A vaccine in general right now in America and by American laws, a vaccine that produces a measurable response.
[SPEAKER_00]: And right now their measurable response, of course, is antibodies.
[SPEAKER_00]: So what I want you to think about is that before the pandemic, any potential countermeasure that they would have been working up in the background would need to fit this example.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so, of course, if they're going to try and recycle
[SPEAKER_00]: an old technology and try to test it in humans over the next 10 years and optimize it for humans.
[SPEAKER_00]: They can't optimize it for humans in mice.
[SPEAKER_00]: They can't optimize it for humans in any special monkey.
[SPEAKER_00]: They can only optimize any medicine or drug in humans.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the main thing we've learned in the last 20 years of mouse and monkey research.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can learn a lot about mice and a lot about monkeys, but not a lot about people.
[SPEAKER_00]: And certainly not a lot about the developing
[SPEAKER_00]: like fetus or the developing teenager.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so a vaccine has to meet this very standard definition in American law and in American, you know, it's American law is that it has to produce antibodies in American grant proposals.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is the proxy for the effect of a vaccine.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's at best all they ever characterize.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, the important thing to understand is that if they were going to take transfection
[SPEAKER_00]: and make it work for a pandemic, then they don't need to release anything except for the special protein that they want to transfect you to.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now my argument as a biologist would be, I'm sorry this is going to be a long answer, my argument as a biologist would be that if they transfected you to a harmless protein,
[SPEAKER_00]: Now I can't come up with one off the top of my head, but just imagine a harmless protein like collagen from another animal.
[SPEAKER_00]: So that you don't have any collagen in your body that matches this one, but it's also just so related to yours that it's not gonna be immunogenic.
[SPEAKER_00]: I know for sure, because Robert Malone worked on this stuff along with other people in the NIH, I know for sure that they've been looking for small,
[SPEAKER_00]: amino acid sequences that the immune system can't ignore.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the code word for this is epitope.
[SPEAKER_00]: The epitope is actually the small amino acid sequence
[SPEAKER_00]: that is associated with damage, and therefore the immune system tries to make a memory to as far as we understand.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now I could be wrong and the immune system and our understanding of it could be grossly exaggerated, but as far as I've been able to tell, the immune system does make memories, but it makes memories to very small amino acid sequences.
[SPEAKER_00]: And in understanding the immune system that way, we've come to determine that some bacterial toxins are especially toxic because
[SPEAKER_00]: They have a small amino acid sequence that the immune system really can't ignore and sometimes goes haywire from.
[SPEAKER_00]: So one of those is tetanus toxin.
[SPEAKER_00]: The immune system just simply can't ignore it and it freaks out if tetanus toxin is present.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so if you don't already kind of sensitize your immune system to it, the argument is that it can go bananas because it's such a strong immunogen.
[SPEAKER_00]: So if you have a very overwhelming infection of tetanus bacteria, you will also have an overwhelming amount of this toxin and it can be toxic.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, keeping this in mind, if anything that they released as a transfection had to meet the standards of a vaccine by producing a noticeable and unignorable, repeatable immune reaction,
[SPEAKER_00]: The very simple thing to do is to take 10 years between SARS-CoV-2 and now and find a few of those sequences and put them into a protein that you would then happen to find at the release site.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so if they wanted, for example, to design a protein with all the special patented sequences of Moderna that got the immune system not to be able to ignore it so that it would be the perfect example of a transfection that worked as a vaccine, they would just take that amino acid sequence and make a lot of it and then dump it somewhere.
[SPEAKER_00]: in the DNA form, because then it would be stable, and it could be tested for and sequenced and found.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you could do that at any pharmaceutical company that has the standard recombinant DNA technology, any of them.
[SPEAKER_00]: They all were using it already for 20 years.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so my point is, again, that this transfection that they rolled out when it was not placebo, because you have to keep in mind that most of it was placebo.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's how they rolled out billions of shots, and that's why most people never got hurt.
[SPEAKER_00]: The easiest way to poison people is to make most of the shots placebo.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then also you can just monitor the ones you know that are hot.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's why Sasha Latupova and these people were talking about hot and cold vaccines.
[SPEAKER_00]: They didn't want to tell you that placebos would be the cheapest, easiest and most reliable way to do it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Instead, they made you run around for three years and think that maybe it was refrigeration or something like that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so what you have here is, is most likely when the transfection was used, it was done with a protein that they knew would get a reliable antibody response every time that somebody got it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because of course, that's what's required to make the minimum standard of being an effective vaccine.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so it doesn't matter if they protect you from PCR positivity.
[SPEAKER_00]: It doesn't matter if they keep you out of the hospital because the only bar they were required to meet was antibody production.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so they released a sequence that they were reasonably sure would produce a robust antibody response so that they could just shrug their shoulders and say, hey, you know, we only took 45 minutes to make the spike protein into a vaccine and lo and behold, Nobel prize winning results.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's very easy to do, again, because the only sequence they had to find was the one the Chinese reported.
[SPEAKER_00]: They aren't sequencing every virus they ever find.
[SPEAKER_00]: They can't, they never could.
[SPEAKER_00]: So the whole idea that Kevin McKernan has been going around the United States and the world telling everybody that we're at 15 million or 20 million sequences of a virus that previously
[SPEAKER_00]: When we tried to track a coronavirus, do you know that the best results we ever got were 27 successive patients tracked?
[SPEAKER_00]: It happened in the Netherlands, the papers by Mark Van Ronst.
[SPEAKER_00]: They found a new coronavirus in the Netherlands and named it NL67 or NL47, I don't know which one.
[SPEAKER_00]: And when they found it, they tracked it through like 26 kids and they lost it.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it's endemic.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's in the background.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's everywhere.
[SPEAKER_00]: But when they tried to track it, when they first found it, they were able to follow it through 26 people.
[SPEAKER_00]: But Kevin McKernan tells us that we're still tracking this one and sequencing its full genome and following it like an evolution of a clock that gets better and better at infecting people.
[SPEAKER_00]: This illusion must be broken.
[SPEAKER_00]: It really has to be broken.
[SPEAKER_00]: It has to be.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sorry, I should have cut differently there.
[SPEAKER_00]: I should have done this.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it can be broken when you realize that transfection, sorry, transfection, they already knew how it worked.
[SPEAKER_00]: We already know how it works in mice.
[SPEAKER_00]: We already know how it works in monkeys.
[SPEAKER_00]: And of course the possibility of shedding it is real.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, if you eat garlic and you eat enough of it, I can smell it in your sweat.
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course the shedding is real.
[SPEAKER_00]: Some people are great to kiss and other people taste like an ashtray and they haven't smoked.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's because there's biological communication happening.
[SPEAKER_00]: There are pheromones and hormones and all of these things are real.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not a background of nothing.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right, and one last question, thank you.
[SPEAKER_04]: So exosomes are viruses, I think.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would say the other way around.
[SPEAKER_04]: Viruses are exosomes.
[SPEAKER_04]: Some exosomes are viruses, and viruses are exosomes.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would say it the other way around again, because exosomes is a bigger category of transmission.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, has there ever actually been any proof?
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, real proof that a virus does any virus slash exit virus exosome will do that has done anything to hurt people rather than being a biological response to something else.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm pretty sure that herpes virus is a pretty good example of something that kind of works the way they say it works.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_06]: Let's keep moving.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, Sandra.
[SPEAKER_06]: Great questions.
[SPEAKER_06]: And we're just going to be tight.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're just tight for time.
[SPEAKER_06]: So we just keep moving.
[SPEAKER_06]: Lex, lovely to see you from Canada.
[SPEAKER_06]: Give us a quick update on are we going to get rid of Justin Castro yet?
[SPEAKER_12]: What can I say about that?
[SPEAKER_12]: person.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_12]: It's like, I want to get to get to the question.
[SPEAKER_12]: JJ, I am a fan.
[SPEAKER_12]: I like your your ideas.
[SPEAKER_12]: And what I want to get more clarity on is you, you name like lots of dissidents.
[SPEAKER_12]: And you you concluded that they're willfully
[SPEAKER_12]: misleading the public.
[SPEAKER_12]: So that's OK.
[SPEAKER_00]: So.
[SPEAKER_00]: Especially the Americans, the ones that I mentioned that are American, especially them.
[SPEAKER_12]: OK, so can you elaborate on how you come to conclude that in their mind, like, you know, they're like intent on deception.
[SPEAKER_12]: as opposed to simply having like a different baggage of knowledge and experience.
[SPEAKER_12]: And those who people who agree with certain ideas, they tend to aggregate and people who have different ideas, they aggregate, you know, they don't, like, aggregate together, you know, so I want to better understand like, okay, well, how do you get to their mind state?
[SPEAKER_12]: It's like, yeah, this person,
[SPEAKER_12]: cannot be like, what I'm saying is like, it's impossible for this person to believe what he says.
[SPEAKER_12]: Like he has to be deceitful.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because I think the short way to say it is, is because we've had six years.
[SPEAKER_00]: And because these people have been talking to me for six years and ignoring me for the last two,
[SPEAKER_00]: because I've had private conversations face-to-face with Meryl Nass, where she's yelled at me and screamed at me, where Mary Holland has told me that she's never trusted me and she only hired me because Bobby made her hire me.
[SPEAKER_00]: I've been on a podcast with Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose and Tess Laurie and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and then nine days later,
[SPEAKER_00]: met Robert Malone in person, and he denied knowing who I was, denied being on the podcast, and denied the fact that according to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[SPEAKER_00]: himself, it is Robert Malone who told Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[SPEAKER_00]: to hire me.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the actual thing that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
[SPEAKER_00]: and Senator Ron Johnson told me on the same day in April of 2022, that Robert Malone had called them, told them to watch my stream, and that they needed to hire me, and so that they both asked me to be their consultant on that day in April.
[SPEAKER_00]: And in that day in April was when I realized that these people were trying to get me to commit
[SPEAKER_00]: full-on commit to the idea that a lab leak had happened, had been covered up, and was still ongoing, was spreading around.
[SPEAKER_00]: And as I struggled for a year and a half, while getting paid very well, to explain to Bobby Kennedy that that biology did not make sense, he asked me to teach him what infectious clones were,
[SPEAKER_00]: And it was at that point that I sent him an email saying, I think we've been lied to, and even I didn't know how bad.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I sent him an email explaining explicitly what I thought happened, and that is when that podcast occurred, that is when they started ignoring me, that is when I was essentially...
[SPEAKER_00]: a big problem for them.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so for the next nine months, these people gave me a job at CHD where they had me working behind the scenes on doctor's records and all kinds of other shit and not wanting to talk about the book, not wanting me to add any more to the book, not wanting me to do any interviews, not wanting to have me on a podcast or be a spokesperson of any kind.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I wanted to teach immunology.
[SPEAKER_00]: I wanted to be the immunology teacher for CHD.
[SPEAKER_00]: I wanted to teach why intramuscular injection to augment a kid's immune system was dumb, and they refused.
[SPEAKER_00]: They said no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the reason why is because they hired me to shut me up.
[SPEAKER_00]: They said that you have to get on board with making a big top 10 of health freedom.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're not against the vaccine schedule.
[SPEAKER_00]: We just want people to be against it for themselves.
[SPEAKER_00]: That means that they weren't trying to save kids from injury.
[SPEAKER_00]: They weren't trying to save kids from murder.
[SPEAKER_00]: They weren't trying to save old people from transfection.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're trying to get donations and make sure that those don't do anything.
[SPEAKER_12]: So would it be correct that they're being deceitful by what they didn't do and what they didn't say?
[SPEAKER_00]: when they could for more than 10 years.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why CHD doesn't push the original Vaxxed movie at all.
[SPEAKER_00]: Wouldn't you think at the beginning of the pandemic, CHD would have started out by saying, hey, by the way, we were saying this was bullshit already for 10 years and we got a movie to show you why you better beware of the vaccine that they're going to roll out in a year.
[SPEAKER_00]: But they didn't do it and they still haven't done it.
[SPEAKER_00]: They made another movie and they're selling more books.
[SPEAKER_00]: Do you understand that CHD
[SPEAKER_00]: As a book, where in the frick is it?
[SPEAKER_00]: They have a book.
[SPEAKER_00]: The book is written by Brian Hooker.
[SPEAKER_00]: It has only science in it, which shows that the vaccine schedule in America is criminal.
[SPEAKER_00]: But they're not selling that book.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're selling Robert Malone's books, and they're selling the NCI book that talks all about the pandemic and the virus.
[SPEAKER_00]: They are not trying to save us.
[SPEAKER_00]: They are trying to make money and to sabotage the progress that could be made with simple language and simple goals.
[SPEAKER_00]: There should be somewhere on Earth
[SPEAKER_00]: a non-profit that is pushing the idea that intramuscular injection is dumb.
[SPEAKER_00]: There should be a non-profit that is pushing the idea that pursuing billions of dollars of research into the genetic causes of shit is the worst way of wasting money that has ever been conceived.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's just as bad as trying to find the genetic
[SPEAKER_00]: you know, the specific ways of curing cancer when 90% of it is just toxicity and poison, not having clean food and clean water and clean environment.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_00]: We have been bamboozled for decades, though.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the problem.
[SPEAKER_00]: We inherited these charlatans from our parents.
[SPEAKER_12]: One last comment is the first time I saw you on the Stephen Frost call, you were arguing with Gerd van den Bosch.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I'm not a scientist.
[SPEAKER_12]: And what you guys were arguing about, like, I couldn't stand like, you know, either side.
[SPEAKER_12]: But I had decided that, you know, you'd want the debate, because Gerd was trying to box the debate into like, very narrow categories.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I did not understand what they were.
[SPEAKER_12]: But it was just the is a matter of speech that made him less credible.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, Lex, we'll take that as a comment and as a compliment and we'll move on.
[SPEAKER_06]: Now, before we get to Anders, Jay, just while it's fresh in my mind, there are people wanting information from you and there is a platform, I will bring it to your attention, Jay, where on your website you say you are
[SPEAKER_06]: born to be a teacher, you are clearly a wonderful sharer of material, and there are ways and platforms available so that you can do your teaching in a far bigger audience and be properly remunerated for doing your teaching.
[SPEAKER_06]: So I'll talk to you about that, but I want to plant that seed in your mind because
[SPEAKER_06]: You have the ability from the content you've developed to get people to sign up to pay you $10, $20 a month to then be educated or have the opportunity to educate themselves from your material.
[SPEAKER_06]: And all of you on this call are able to do that, and I have advised people on this call
[SPEAKER_06]: regular participants, that's how you get subscribers.
[SPEAKER_06]: There are people desperate to learn, Jay, and they're happy to invest in their own education.
[SPEAKER_06]: And I'm trying to remember who made the comment, the best investment.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it was Jim Rohn.
[SPEAKER_06]: The best investment you can possibly make is in your own education.
[SPEAKER_06]: So there you are.
[SPEAKER_06]: And you've told us to learn biology.
[SPEAKER_06]: So everyone take that on board.
[SPEAKER_06]: Anders.
[SPEAKER_01]: JJ, it was great to hear your testimony.
[SPEAKER_01]: You have been a lot more productive than me.
[SPEAKER_01]: I have two sons.
[SPEAKER_01]: You seem to have five, so that's good for you.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm lucky enough to have them with me for Christmas.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I will say it like this.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I have been investing about 5,000 hours of time or research the last five years.
[SPEAKER_01]: I will not say, OK, some of it was wasted.
[SPEAKER_01]: Some of it was not.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think you have identified Bob Malone, Wellness Company, the Doctors of Fraud, Gert van der Bosch, yeah, these friends, you know, I feel disgusting to see what they have done, but I must say I have a great respect of Catherine Watt, Sasha Latipova, and other people around them, like
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't want to go there.
[SPEAKER_01]: I must also say that I'm a close friend now after about a year with Vera Sharov, and I have been in close contact with Mary Holland, and I don't recognize what you tell about her.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've been working for Dr. Robert Young for about two years.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've seen Karen Kingston have different opinions.
[SPEAKER_01]: I would say
[SPEAKER_01]: my research would suggest that in the week of the time the date the week they launched the COVID pandemic it was the same week all over Europe and USA that 5G was launched it's a correlation we don't need to go further but it is the same week and the people who had diseases
[SPEAKER_01]: let's say, symptoms, they had radiation poisoning syndrome, which is consistent with what Beverly Rubik and Robert Young and others found.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it is amazing that this group seems to, to such a great extent, not go into that, I would say.
[SPEAKER_01]: I will challenge this group by a little bit critical, I would say,
[SPEAKER_01]: because all groups have infiltrations.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I was a good friend of Rainer Fulmisch.
[SPEAKER_01]: We had a long time conversation.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was about to speak in Mexico.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I would ask Dr. Wolfgang Wodarg, did you corner my friend Rainer Fulmisch along with Vivian Fisher?
[SPEAKER_06]: OK, Anders, we'll take that as a comment.
[SPEAKER_06]: And Wolfgang will speak when he speaks.
[SPEAKER_06]: Thank you, Anders.
[SPEAKER_06]: The radiation, you've said it many times, and it's a very, you know, no problems with it.
[SPEAKER_06]: You have promoted it, and every group is infiltrated.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't worry about infiltration.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're speaking.
[SPEAKER_06]: You speak what's true for you.
[SPEAKER_06]: Everyone speaks what's true for you.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're gonna go on.
[SPEAKER_06]: John, look out.
[SPEAKER_06]: You're all muted, John.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, there's Wolfgang.
[SPEAKER_10]: Well, JJ, I would love to get with you for an hour, like sometime when you got like something, nothing to do.
[SPEAKER_10]: I've got some big concepts to share with you.
[SPEAKER_10]: I think you would probably appreciate.
[SPEAKER_10]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_10]: You sent me an email a while back about appearing on your live stream.
[SPEAKER_10]: We could do that or not.
[SPEAKER_10]: I know you don't need to interview anybody.
[SPEAKER_10]: But just because I don't think I can get it all out, but there's a couple of things I want to ask for.
[SPEAKER_10]: This is to the whole group.
[SPEAKER_10]: Remember when you were talking with Sukhrap Bhakti and he was saying that he had a piece of proof, like a paper.
[SPEAKER_10]: Um, he, um, made reference to it in that, uh, last meetup and it had to do with the COVID vaccine being, uh, made in an hour and a couple of years before it was needed.
[SPEAKER_10]: Do you have that?
[SPEAKER_10]: Cause I can't seem to find that.
[SPEAKER_10]: I don't have that paper, but, um, anybody does.
[SPEAKER_10]: He's promoting it.
[SPEAKER_10]: It should be someplace and I can put it up.
[SPEAKER_00]: All it really means, though, I mean, depending on what he's actually talking about.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's passionate about it.
[SPEAKER_10]: I remember what it was.
[SPEAKER_10]: I wrote about it, but God knows where in my blog.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's so many pages long.
[SPEAKER_10]: OK, so let's see here.
[SPEAKER_10]: There was John, you need to create an index.
[SPEAKER_10]: I have it.
[SPEAKER_10]: I'm trying to read it.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's multicolored.
[SPEAKER_10]: I've been scribbling like mad.
[SPEAKER_10]: Drew Weissman, Nobel Prize winner this year.
[SPEAKER_10]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_10]: Can you build a case to knock him out of the box?
[SPEAKER_10]: There's 50 grand.
[SPEAKER_10]: They might have to give that to you.
[SPEAKER_00]: You mean like what, that he's just a dupe?
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, he's definitely.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's another great example of a dupe that's even better one this year.
[SPEAKER_00]: They gave a chemistry award this year to these programmers and a couple biologists that supposedly do protein biology.
[SPEAKER_00]: But there's one guy with the mustache and the glasses from America whose whole entire career is not protein folding.
[SPEAKER_00]: it's actually small interfering RNA and small RNA regulating pathways in C. elegans.
[SPEAKER_00]: So what's really funny about that is that one of the main reasons why transfection could never work in healthy humans is because we can't make
[SPEAKER_00]: RNA so pure in the ways that they did it so that you could never put it in and guarantee that there wouldn't be small fragmented RNAs that could have all kinds of unknown effects.
[SPEAKER_00]: And one of his main discoveries is that we have just scratched the surface of how small RNAs are used to regulate larger RNAs in terms of transcription length and time and
[SPEAKER_00]: existence in the cell.
[SPEAKER_00]: And this happens on a cell-by-cell, tissue-by-tissue specific basis, gene-by-gene basis, and he has a hard time explaining how complicated it is in an animal where we know how many cells it has in the entire lineage of those cells C. elegans.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so imagine trying to explain what small interfering, small regulatory RNAs, micro RNAs do in a pattern integrity as big and as long-lived as a human.
[SPEAKER_00]: And so the idea that we just started transfecting people with a methodology that doesn't even have a localized signal, it doesn't have any mechanism.
[SPEAKER_10]: Yeah, it's all programming language.
[SPEAKER_10]: I mean, this is gobbledygook.
[SPEAKER_10]: The body makes things by means of just-in-time inventory.
[SPEAKER_10]: You know, that's a term business people would be familiar with, right?
[SPEAKER_10]: So, you know, you're maintaining balance.
[SPEAKER_10]: Am I being overly simplistic here?
[SPEAKER_10]: You're not really
[SPEAKER_10]: running a machine you're maintaining a balance and it's all out of whack and all kinds of things are going on but you're not having much effect on it except to disrupt it.
[SPEAKER_00]: The reason why we got there was because I wanted to point out that the reason why they gave that guy the Nobel Prize for protein folding is so that we'd shut the hell up about how much he knows that we don't know about RNA.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's literally now famous for nothing that he's done in the last 20 years, but what he contributed to the Google guy's work on folding proteins.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_10]: Yeah, but he he's flies in the face of Charles Richet 100 years prior.
[SPEAKER_10]: So.
[SPEAKER_10]: One of them is right.
[SPEAKER_10]: Or one of them is wrong.
[SPEAKER_10]: You know, and I don't think it's for shape because we got, you know, all the human history and help to back him up.
[SPEAKER_10]: Things work the way they work.
[SPEAKER_10]: He pointed it out.
[SPEAKER_10]: But if you read what he was awarded his Nobel for, it sounds like safe and effective vaccine parts.
[SPEAKER_10]: I mean, come on.
[SPEAKER_10]: There's got to be some bullshit in there.
[SPEAKER_10]: I just, I couldn't find it, but I've been challenging doctors to try to find it.
[SPEAKER_10]: Maybe you could do it, but there you go.
[SPEAKER_10]: I mean, if the guy's a fraud, then he needs to be pulled back.
[SPEAKER_10]: Because I think the only reason he's there is to say down the road, Riche is wrong if he ever,
[SPEAKER_10]: gets out of the bag.
[SPEAKER_10]: And the only thing Sasha is doing for me right now, and Catherine, is they're parroting that like crazy.
[SPEAKER_10]: I just got my first citation on their blog, September 6th, with my book on it.
[SPEAKER_10]: So, okay, so this is a really big concept.
[SPEAKER_10]: I'm not gonna give a lecture, but I probably should.
[SPEAKER_06]: We don't want a lecture, we want a question.
[SPEAKER_06]: You can talk to JJ.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're joking then, Charles.
[SPEAKER_02]: You said I probably should.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's kind of what you might say, or I might say indeed.
[SPEAKER_10]: First of all, I'm with you, all right?
[SPEAKER_10]: I'm just as pissed off as you are.
[SPEAKER_10]: I've just been ranting longer than you have, but it's good to hear you.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's good to hear anybody sounding like that, because you've got to be this way.
[SPEAKER_10]: I think that there is something that I'm starting to flesh together out of all this work I've been doing.
[SPEAKER_10]: I've been reading just a whole big stack of books from all the illuminates in history I can find, about 78 of them, you know, Walter Russell,
[SPEAKER_10]: all the really, really smart guys that have been forgotten because they're just too out there.
[SPEAKER_10]: There is a pattern that's forming, and they're all saying the same thing across about 500 years, that there is kind of an evolutionary pattern.
[SPEAKER_10]: And I'm not going to get all into it here, but it has to do with humans.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's very, very long.
[SPEAKER_10]: And I think that there's either four or five stages to it, wherein maybe going into the third,
[SPEAKER_10]: of four or five, uh, just on the cusp of it.
[SPEAKER_10]: And I think the problem is the throwback.
[SPEAKER_10]: What's what we're calling psychopaths are like a type of evolutionary stage, which has just run out its usefulness.
[SPEAKER_10]: So everything that is going on is, uh, it just looks this way to me, it's boiled down to a type of human with a defect or a difference that, you know,
[SPEAKER_10]: Their days are numbered, all right?
[SPEAKER_10]: So we're gonna beat them eventually.
[SPEAKER_10]: I'm just saying, they are all psychos in the classical definition, the way they define it, right?
[SPEAKER_10]: They do the machinations they do, they're manipulative, they lie, they compulsively, all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_10]: And we just have to accept that they're gonna be with us for a little while longer, but not much longer.
[SPEAKER_10]: We can't be smarter than they are or better doing what they do.
[SPEAKER_10]: but we can just not go along.
[SPEAKER_10]: So this little button on the bottom of the Zoom screen here that says your AI companion, nobody click that.
[SPEAKER_10]: Please, nobody click anything that says AI.
[SPEAKER_10]: You're going to be so sick of AI by next summer, you're going to want to kill yourself for ever touching it.
[SPEAKER_10]: That's all I got to say, but I'd love to talk with you.
[SPEAKER_10]: I can send you an email if you want to get together sometime.
[SPEAKER_00]: Please do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: John, can you briefly explain why everybody wants to kill themselves if they engage with AI?
[SPEAKER_10]: No, I can't.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's just not a real thing.
[SPEAKER_10]: Everything AI is a parlor trick.
[SPEAKER_10]: Everything.
[SPEAKER_10]: Everything about it.
[SPEAKER_10]: I agree with you.
[SPEAKER_10]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_10]: It's a salesman that's going to sell you subscriptions to things you don't really need.
[SPEAKER_02]: Take your humanity away from you and take your ability to research away from you.
[SPEAKER_10]: Just like using a calculator.
[SPEAKER_10]: They already took our ability to research away.
[SPEAKER_10]: I couldn't start now.
[SPEAKER_10]: No way.
[SPEAKER_10]: I've been just basically filling a big garbage can for five minutes.
[SPEAKER_06]: All right, on we go.
[SPEAKER_06]: We're tied for time.
[SPEAKER_06]: John and Jay, talk and AI, everyone, educate yourselves on the value and the problems, the benefits and the drawbacks of AI, because there are certainly benefits.
[SPEAKER_06]: There's not all drawbacks.
[SPEAKER_06]: Wolfgang is next.
[SPEAKER_06]: Welcome, Wolfgang.
[SPEAKER_06]: Long time no see.
[SPEAKER_06]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello to everyone.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, I'm glad to see you again.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I came because JJ was here tonight, or is here tonight.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I wanted to listen to him because he opened my eyes a lot.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think he speaks a lot of truth.
[SPEAKER_05]: And he's very courageous doing this.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I hope I can be as courageous as he is, because, you know, when I started with this whole thing, with the whole pandemics, which I experienced with WHO already for more than 20 years, and with this pandemic preparedness action that WHO planned, and all those investors who use WHO to make insider business.
[SPEAKER_05]: And when I found out what's going on there,
[SPEAKER_05]: And when I found out how they just reshaped the word pandemics, they just redefined it as they just liked it.
[SPEAKER_05]: So the word for pandemic, whether there is a pandemic or not, is ridiculous, this question, because there is human beings
[SPEAKER_05]: And there are 10 million passengers each day flying around the world with billions of microbes, with billions of biological entities they have in their body and on their body.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they exchange them every day all over the world, 10 million passengers each day.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is nature, and there is a very intense communication within our body, which is what we call exosome, molecular information going from one cell to the other.
[SPEAKER_05]: And if it goes out from one body to the other, between human beings, we call it viruses.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's just a matter of definitions, and there are people, there are so-called specialists,
[SPEAKER_05]: specialists.
[SPEAKER_05]: There are those people who build fences around their mind, who are not open to speak with others, or who don't even listen very often.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, I was very much trapped in my medical educations, where I had to have examines in all those specialties.
[SPEAKER_05]: And this was really dangerous, I think, for my patients.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I'm very sad that I gave vaccinations to children.
[SPEAKER_05]: I gave vaccinations to travelers.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it took me some years until I learned.
[SPEAKER_05]: this is a nonsense.
[SPEAKER_05]: I became skeptical.
[SPEAKER_05]: I got problems then.
[SPEAKER_05]: And when I was in politics, I found out this is a very big corruption and a scam.
[SPEAKER_05]: But in the medical business, I was a little suspicious, but I didn't dare to go against this giant machine, which was everywhere.
[SPEAKER_05]: So this, I think,
[SPEAKER_05]: we have to be very cautious, because this giant machine, which is producing money and power, and which is still going more and more perfectly, collecting our data, collecting information, trying to make us
[SPEAKER_05]: dependent on digital data, to have everything digitalized so that we have to use the cards and we cannot use cash anymore.
[SPEAKER_05]: And so everything is, we get, they make us dependent.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then they, I found, I had a time when I thought, I have to mock them because it's, their tricks are so stupid, transparently stupid.
[SPEAKER_05]: when they just, it's the fourth time now I heard about birth flu.
[SPEAKER_05]: The fourth time.
[SPEAKER_05]: They tried it again and again, and it never really happened.
[SPEAKER_05]: But they're still trying it.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're trying it on the cow now, and they have
[SPEAKER_05]: of the one who goes, who takes the milk, and it's such a ridiculous story.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's all with PCR, it's all.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I, with this, with Corona, I, from the beginning, I knew it was just the PCR test.
[SPEAKER_05]: There is nothing, nothing else.
[SPEAKER_05]: I didn't know so much about beta coronaviruses.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, I had heard about them in SARS-1, and then I suddenly thought, where have they been all those 20 years?
[SPEAKER_05]: Didn't they have varieties too?
[SPEAKER_05]: And why do they all come from Wuhan?
[SPEAKER_05]: Why don't they come from Cologne, or from Berlin, or from Birmingham, or whatever?
[SPEAKER_05]: Viruses are everywhere, 10 million passengers each day.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's the stories they do, they are really stupid.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I'm so disappointed about my colleagues who don't question this, who are just following those narratives as they were blinded.
[SPEAKER_05]: But perhaps I was blinded too.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I'm very glad that there are people like JJ who are speaking up.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I have another thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: This was where you spoke about so many people you thought who made wrong things, who were criminal even.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I think one thing was very important from people in the US for me to understand the role of the military.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think this was because I could not understand that all those different governments all over the world, they were just obeying WHO.
[SPEAKER_05]: This I could not understand.
[SPEAKER_05]: So there must be something.
[SPEAKER_00]: There was a health minister in the Netherlands who actually admitted, Wolfgang, that it was actually a coordinated thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: And this was Catherine Watts who made me see this.
[SPEAKER_05]: She see all the preparations they did, all the small laws they did to make this possible.
[SPEAKER_05]: that the emergency regulations, all this stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think this was important because suddenly I understood why they told us that only the military can do the logistics with this stuff, because it has to be minus 80 degrees.
[SPEAKER_05]: This was just to monopolize the whole logistic to the military.
[SPEAKER_05]: This was just a trick.
[SPEAKER_05]: And all those things, I understood more and more.
[SPEAKER_00]: But understand that I just want to make sure that this is really clear, because I disagree with the fact that these people that are associated with Sasha Latupova are good.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the one mistake they're making is that the DoD in America takes orders.
[SPEAKER_00]: They don't do things on their own.
[SPEAKER_00]: they might make plans but they only make plans that they're told to make and they only execute plans when they're told to execute them so ultimately health and human services and fema and nih and cdc all have to turn the keys and push the green buttons before the dod is going to execute a plan and what sasha latipova is doing
[SPEAKER_00]: is trying to blame the DOD for something that people above them did.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's the trick, that's the trick we really have to see.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sasha Latapova, if you track down what she was doing in 2021, you won't find anything, because she wasn't doing anything then.
[SPEAKER_00]: She hadn't been called on the scene until 2022.
[SPEAKER_00]: She was on stage with Robert Malone.
[SPEAKER_00]: She cannot be good.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is the perspective you can have from US, but when I saw it from Germany, I saw the Bundeswehr, the German military, doing such things.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I didn't see what was going on.
[SPEAKER_00]: But again, I think that the German military also takes orders.
[SPEAKER_00]: They don't do things on their own.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, they are part of the NATO.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they are part of this big machine.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they had to do it, yes, I think.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, and there were some questions.
[SPEAKER_05]: I found out that when I did this with the swine flu,
[SPEAKER_05]: I was, there was Mr. Van Ranst in Belgium, Mr. Pandemic in Belgium, and he mocked me, he made a video for the Virologs, for the organization of Virologs, and he made a video, and at the end of the video he showed his finger and he said, ha ha, he came too late.
[SPEAKER_05]: But this was in February, in the beginning of 2019.
[SPEAKER_05]: Wow!